[Music]
k
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
H
[Music]
[Applause]
the geeky tubers
The YouTube community seems calm
until a live Loli te starts
I want money for you and my neighbor
without leaving now is
antera passes Peña sub sub upload me move
me
move send me
bus please there
peace I have never sat here to speak
a friend's evil has looked for you very badly
enemy Look how I am and all this
Thanks to you Peppa Beltram because
You need content for your channel because
you need visualizations and get the
maximum monetization right now people
He knows everything. That's why I don't talk about
Many topics Jabi Oliveira I ask you
I apologize for the times I have
attacked defending this false being
hypocrite traitor who is here that
what are your hairs getting on end?
Tip, eh? No, no, no, Pep, no, not with me.
with me No, I together, I say neither
along with her and I tell you one thing that is not
I despise people so much because
You never know when you might need
they are worth sweating
You know I would like to make an appendix to
all this an appendix a note since
I am the uneducated one since I am the one
uneducated And that's what you're going to do in
life
accept it
Seriously, dude, accept it, you're a poor guy.
imp
and
indeed
ticks a photo of ant dav flowers and
Olga Moreno, hugging you, I'll tell you the truth.
In this video I tell you
the patio You You You have the
evil as a seal on the
heart
I'm saying that the loads them
devil be careful with the cl I am
Tired of saying it, I don't put it here
no one from
nobody me
amaris
you love dle the Like hbre dle Like dle Like
of courage of him
like
thea
the geeks
Tubers, good evening, how are you?
family good Sunday good Sunday Good
today you will be happy today you will be
happy that today we have changed the
schedule for you at the schedule that
you like it, not the one I like
so that later they don't give me so many
Applause to Racel for that intro that he has given us
given eh a round of applause to racel for that
intro that he has given us for this
new section of the Channel that we are going to
have here on Sunday nights
in which we are going to comment on the underworld
from YouTube that also deserve their
space is worth it And you can also think of
so that we can make room for him. Then I
I think tonight we're going to give it to him
the gap they deserve and we are going to comment
about them it is worth I have chosen three
collaborators for this
impressive section the best ones
more put into this subject is worth the most
prepared in this subject that in the
It sounds better to you like some of them. Good
good night, good night, how are you, how are you?
We are How we are well here about to
to release this section that I
I think it promises a lot And above all
There will be people who would ask for it no
I would ask you to comment on these
salillo of smaller channels that is
something that is missing above all
because sometimes there is a morbid there is something
behind which people like and lean
in fault why do you think it has been
good idea to wait until now to
comment on these things eh And not having it
Well, you dedicate yourself exclusively to
comment on this type of skipping eh will be
more up to date than I am on all the things that
We're going to talk tonight, do you think?
that it was a good idea to wait a while
little because maybe if we had
done before would have harmed man
It is always worth waiting for
seeing everything that is happening does not stop
collect the good and now be able to
enjoy a lot of things that you will do
Let's see this night from beginning to end
the end to the most recent as it has
It could have been today or last night and I
I think so because if you expect to talk
eh it serves as a way for them to follow each other
continue to incite and provide content.
night we compile it here all together
Elena tell me we caught Good night
we have taken a day to start
quite curious, it is not powerful, it is
powerful, eh, is the patio that you can't see
wanting does not come out because It turns out that
Well, we have this live prepared.
since yesterday But something happened today
Elena Without giving too much spoiler Well yes
You want a little bit of a spoiler? No problem.
nothing but don't tell everything so that
so that it can be told later But how has it been
set the mood today yes today it has
the afternoon has been the afternoon has
it has been hot the afternoon has been hot
went out one last night something was said in
Someone else's Channel today has been
commented on another channel and exploded the
bomb everyone there saying everything
what is known as gossip in a state
pure but at what level has it changed
thing or thing to what step have we
uploaded last night Until
Today, man, we are already talking about things
more serious you more serious eh I mean it was him
ingredient that we were missing for
complete direct parace you look boom par
That's serious, it seems we have it.
made wanting alne Without blood eh
Because he said it yesterday without blood I
I come, let's go with the water, siggen here for
if anything and the blood stops because
Here pure fun no I come to laugh
the truth is that at the same time that we
that we are going to laugh, we will see how it is
each one if it has not been seen already
all this time you believe that
we have chosen the right character
to start or we have to have
started by another completely is the
center of absolutely everything and today it is gone
let's see if you had to put a little bit in
context a small intro to this
character whoever wants of the three eh yes
I tell it to lne But if
some Yes a small a small
presentation of where it comes from Why it comes from
Why it appears and where it is now
same
Hey, he's a person who has done everything
possible to benefit itself
taking along the way whoever has
made
lack
very brief Elena, you are going to tell him
clearer to the
a person climbs in your case
I specifically think that he is a person who
came closer to you to benefit for
create your own channel and with your
audience start that that was what
It happened and FJ How is he right now?
point or rather he approached me and tried to
good as it didn't turn out well Well now
moved on to the next step they usually do
that F the bad ones no and And now how is it
the point how is the environment now what
what has been proven what has not been proven
proven man has proven himself in
that he was right about certain things that he has
I have been commenting specifically with Peppa
but it has been with many characters that
They have been passing through here through this channel
And we have reached a point where
I think that the main message that
What is attempted to be put on these channels is that
They play the victim and in the end they arrive
a certain moment when they stop defending themselves
to go on the attack no and That is your
content Then I don't understand Now that
so much victimhood when its content
It's about this and they have to know eh A lo
that are put before not And where they come from
Well, but the issue, the issue of the
victimhood Sorry about the topic
victimhood we will see it during
the night but they get along from the minute
one falling victim to an attack that does not
there was clear okay okay then they
They mix it and alternate it
Victimhood with attack is such an attitude
as passive aggressive You know Today I attack you
Tomorrow I become a victim, today I'm clear and
when it is the attack it is the Crusade not
To support the Crusade and especially the
The attack is always camouflaged with humor
It's that we take things as they are
Well, there we go, the rest of us, to laugh.
Of course we also like to laugh
Of course she has invented a conflict in
the one who was playing with an empty goal
because really no one was there
answering I was talking to myself but
Well that's as simple as it is
public That is to say, to the facts Simply
we refer but at the moment that
Someone is going to answer it, it comes to mind
how the thing enters him like no
clo ok let's see let's start
We have made a good compilation, let's go
to comment on the thing point by point but
We are going to comment with three clips of your
live this afternoon because look it seems
being that he has found out that today he was going to
she premiered our session And then
Today, then, he has dedicated a large part of his work to us.
his
direct I don't know if as a shield I don't know if
as a preparation for what I can
come tonight I don't know what to expect because
This is going to be a completely
humorous, that is, this is not a game
Over is not a dismounting or anything for that matter
style of joking is fine and easy and
let's see what three clicks on
which she reacts and comments on
What's going to happen tonight, Isa. Thank you.
I read you I read you out of the corner of my eye Isa don't you
Don't worry that by the time it's over
I go straight to the visas and
I am grateful for everything so I don't have to stop
Okay
But if it's Javi, if he continues to have surgery, no.
It is heard, truth continues, it is heard
you hear you hear Ah yes you hear
Listen, the one who doesn't hear it is me.
Look, we shouldn't have played. No.
Of course not
with you
My fault, my fault, no entry was heard
speaker output Okay, so I give it to
Exit is worth seeing. The helmets, let's see if
Now now now we don't hear it Oh no
we listen
we set it up
help the kid who is just starting out
the YouTube man no because you have to
share the screen again Having
changed the output Wait is one second
that's it, just share it.
Screen audio Now yes Now yes
Now you're going to hear it, okay. This is it.
I re-present the reaction of
Well, we haven't introduced the character.
because I think many of you know her
He was collaborating here for about a year
year was here with
We on Thursdays and these
things we did are not called Peppa
Bertrán but an artist and his geeky name
It is the Bertran climber and you will understand the
nickname but if it is Javi it ​​continues
undergoing surgery, continues operating, Javi makes you
I am not yet operated on
nothing Look
Javi, I haven't had any surgery, look.
still at 64 years old he looks neither glitter nor
nothing looks nor glitter says the mother that
For me, I have not had any surgery at all.
I haven't even voted or anything. Look, canita.
and Paco takes them off with the dye. Look at you.
Keep operating please, you need it.
does
lack and put hair and
here if you have so much money now
as before because before the one that you
it was another era
another one, let's see, it's a cli, there are three, there are three
there are three, let's see three cli of the
writing it today only upon learning of it
who is today the main character
[ __ ] what
you are looking very
free because you find out that we are going to
dedicate a live stream
humor is before knowing what is going to happen
operate continue operating But that's for
what and coming back and saying it again
of the money but it has to be
I'd be delighted if that's what you've been looking for.
since the beginning of
year is yes yes but the money issue is
that we are going to see it during the night okay
because it is something
I don't understand the point because
They have sent me so many clips of her
telling me
and that I have a lot of money and that
I earn 20-30,000 euros per month, that's it.
one thing she often repeats is that
I don't have money because a person of
those that one donated, those that one donated
is no longer with you, it's 140,000
subscribers thank God okay in this
channel in this voucher but that a person
Since I no longer donated, it seems that it is like
part of the story no longer have money
because that person has left, damn that one
person was here once
how much is not months or a year But well
that you already
you were Yes more or less between some things
and others intermittent intermittent Yes yes
but well, just like you already
You were here and you earned a very good living.
well before she showed up and you
has continued to win after leaving
she therefore you see well there is
doubts about it eh well No, no, no, no
There are doubts, there are doubts, man. It seems to be.
as if the influence of this
person I mean if your job depended
that person and you were there
livelihood and in the end it is not like that but it is
He's been moving this a lot, huh?
As if he had hurt him a lot.
the fact that he had left when
Javi continues living the same as before.
They come to remind you all to remind you all to
everyone to start the live that you can
become members, okay, you can become members
members can give away members and
You can make super chat They appear by
here on screen but look at you
evil because I already have this
things that I attribute to being stupid
Don't be stupid, but this one isn't stupid.
It's bad okay because eh On the one hand it has
the story of you no longer have money That's why
you are like this because this has gone away, okay?
that on the one hand but then also the
I hear in your live shows that I
I win 20,000 that I haven't seen in my
current account in life together is worth
And he says that and repeats it for c
people to speak it so that people don't
become a member so that people don't
bis and so that people don't Super chat
that this one has Mili
Hey
to me
I missed him being quiet of course.
had the trial of
pee and now you can talk more
freely you can now do other things
because he's not going to leave it for the scoundrel
no no no this is an underworld This goes
for the tea of
Salseo because Claro in the other underworld
They don't know us from the little guy there.
that will be between the sceo
Oh, how fed up with visits!
we are and how
He needs to go up because he has had a session
As the Martian Chronicles shows, you are a
sardá you are a
Sardá Bueno Now later we will see
Whether I am a sardá or not is fine.
but I didn't understand much, I didn't understand
a lot one thing that I think is repeated
So I'll leave it for the next one.
excerpt eh but But he said or I have
I smoked something and said that we are going to
talk about her to increase visits Yes by
Of course, that's right, of course, it suits you.
some
doubt has said the truth has said it has said it
said it has said it said it is worth it very much
good
perfect you have been silent because
I had the judgment to pee and my ass
They had it as a hill as well as a stranger
As
this and I'm making you a piece of
promotion thanks peepa thank you very much
really Thank you really I mean
I'll send a visa or whatever after
This is good, it's worth whatever it takes, but
that attempt of not knowing what it will be
the content of tonight is when
a person who has literally been here for a year
every day every day eh I mean there isn't a
only direct that is not from Javi oliveira
You're going to see it tonight and I'll decide today
do a live show of Freaky Tubers in the
that can be the protagonist can be
filler why do you get like that why
you try to make low blows because of course
tries to make personal attacks
Low blows, get surgery, get hair, look at me
I don't wear I don't wear hair I don't
I throw myself and the judgment of miare So that is
I have not spoken about her because I have the
My judgment will have to do with cooking
the
logical speed the logic of these people
is that a trial with another person
prevents me from talking about a person who puts me
green does not prevent me from talking about my hre that
I've been talking all week about my
hre is going to stop me from talking about Peppa okay
That is, let's stop thinking about
nonsense because these people give some
incorrect tints to things and to
sentence the moves that tonight
You'll also see it a little bit, right? Let's see.
civil trials where they ask you for pacha
for little words and for insults and
Little things like this are not the end of my career
Not at all. I mean, I don't know the people.
who is here in the chat I think that
surely the 3000 people who are
right now here if they mess with your
family threaten you, insult you
better many times you respond with
insults that can later condemn you
for insulting him back Hey Well to the
We'll see, but that doesn't even bother me.
will put a boa as many people say
nor will he ask me for an opinion about anything and much more
less of the geeky, that is, it's like that
He tries to give a low blow but as he can't
He has no [ __ ] idea what he's talking about.
Here The thing is that I think that it is
They put together three things, one seems super to me
ironic that a person who carries close
8 months and that's what you go to his channel for
talking about you because it's the only thing that
gives visits Because if one day he doesn't talk about
your visits plummet and that's how it is
It's okay that he has the nerve to say that you
you need to talk about her to win
visits are [ __ ] awesome
second point
eh yes today it just so happens that it is not
I'm looking at how many people
we are but if it happens that
We are sure that there are more people watching
the direct care that is being given to you
looking at her, be careful, she's on you
looking at print p is pending
direct So be careful, be careful
with what he says and let's see what I get
Hey, I can also make a face like
Miss rot meer eh the fact is that yes
Today, for whatever reason, there are more people
seeing us or whatever it is that doesn't think that
It is because of her that there are also many people
a lot of people who carry all these
months telling us to [ __ ] answer him now
answer him now But why is why
you
of Peppa because you laugh your ass off because
In the end it is that it is very good but it is that
in the end, before certain things then
We have already entered into other serious topics but
in the face of nonsense and nonsense that someone says
person day after day after day the only one
option left for you is to laugh because
there is no other option
option but we don't I'm not going to
answer anything, that is, it is impossible that
I answered, I mean, imagine me.
made direct speaking of so many
things on Sundays from time to time Well
There will be some dye here today we are going to put
as a little bit in context of what is going to happen
be this section and see if people
He likes it and maybe one day we'll put a
straight from something I've said about myself
Another day like this but man, I'm here.
To answer as such would require a
week I'll tell you that you can't
You can't answer what doesn't work for you
Life Javi, listen to me, it doesn't give you the
life and third thing why I think that
she has gone ahead or is a little nervous
because right now it no longer has the
supports that I had until recently and no longer
has the same people who grind
for her as he had until recently
And if Now you have to answer something or
Facing up to something is not going to work for you
other than to do it herself and this is already Noa
so much good will he do it
Son, I hope that tomorrow the live show
instead of
dedicate it to you where it shows what he has done
that donation that I will tell you about later
What is it about, if you think so, since I say
What Lena sent, eh man, no no
Before making a comment, listen to me.
that you know what happens that is about the topic that
she is talking Imagine that she is
Speaking of the ard of Troy ends up naming
you and how happy the other will be
because the other is the one who manipulates Because
The other is the one pulling the strings, madam.
Really calm down, you are already there
fighting with a friend and there is his enemy
for my taste saying truths like
Fist That's it, don't give it any more thought.
in peace Javi Yes but no you you couldn't
Look, look, I said it.
many times and not for giving it to me You're welcome
but that's how it is, damn it, I mean, he knows everything
the world and apart because eh [ __ ] I mean
which is something that is demonstrable
because I think that the prices go up every day
two newscasts three or four videos in
tesar seo the direct from tesar seo the
straight from the puny newscast of the
guys, I mean, the hours are what they are
So I don't even stop to see people.
with whom I get along well Imagine seeing
This is because you also have to have fabric
to see it eh but
and I don't know what it says about me, I don't know
what is he talking about, I don't even know what it is
what I don't even know what he's doing
That is, it is completely a goal
empty taking advantage of the fact that no one
is answering and no one is
rebutting and I want to make it clear that
I understand that we have to talk about
me, that is, I know what I do
what I wear that I will never
tell anyone not to talk about me or me
There have been times when I have had to speak
for a month of the same character or
Every day a topic has come up about
a youtuber or about a famous person and everyone
the days spoken of that famous thing I had seen
that even months why Because it is a
topic because there is a controversy because such
The problem here is that he makes them up.
whether yes or no, I mean, I have been and
vacation I have been four or four days
without appearing on the internet because I have
disconnected because he is with family
or whatever and when I came back I did it
looked like that poron above To see if and
I was in their live shows and yes and yes I
I had gone on vacation because you already
I took out and told you that I had tried
organize a flight with me in Chiclana and
How bad it was that he didn't accept a flight, that is
It's tremendous. So on Sundays we will go.
commenting as we feel like it
as it comes I tell the joke but what
so you look over any point
from your channel I go randomly eh you get in
in any live and so on with the
mouse pum and when he doesn't say J he says
Javel Beira chili pepper What does it make me?
Thank you so much when you try
to dismantle that especially his son who is
start look look at the titles Antonio
David I don't know what Marta Riesco I don't know
how many titles do you put in the
direct and has not said anything about the title
It's just Javi
Oliveira gave him a good one in the debate
caught me getting involved and she didn't know
I was hoping you could look for the
video transcript the transcript
but it is that absolutely in all of them
everyone eh and ended up telling me well he
debate I don't know if you remember it but
is a person who is not ashamed or
does not value his dignity and his
The objective right now is to get money out
HM to be able to get everything out of here
as much as possible and if they are criticizing her
If it looks bad, if it looks like a climber and such
He doesn't care, that is, the son arrived to
tell me the face that looks at me that no that no
Haby has stopped talking about you, that is.
Although you know how But well but if one
week Well but that was supposed to be it
a checkmate that he made you, you have not done it
heard was Jack mate for his part in
finally had you trapped like like like
We just heard that I'm like Sardá
No, I'm not very good or I'm very bad, no.
I know if we are going to do it this way with irony or not
remember a little so that people
Eh Because people probably have more
fresh what is being said today
So I think it is
It is important to put the context into context
It's very simple. Okay, let's go there.
watching during the night in every part
From the live context, this lady is
This lady gets up and does everything
possible for collaborating here at telesalseo
he gets it, he's been here a long time
collaborating yes it is true that always
the pimple was so visible
We had it, but well, I didn't expect it.
that it was going to go that far, eh, La Movida is
that I don't mess with her or attack her
I don't dedicate videos to him or anything, that is, me
What I do is directly I don't invite her.
I no longer collaborate with her and she passes
to dedicate myself
eh your channel as if it were an extension
of telesalseo and give it to him from his super
my friend that when she finished
The people sent me live shows
I telesauce things like that to a channel that
brings together communities of all people
that I may have criticized until
the point that they are already good lately
defending Miare's mother to the one of the
forgo tiando also has them there or
be a hater of Javier Oliveira no O so it goes
looking for or rather a little like that no then
so that people understand the extremes
of the difference between paying attention to it and not
listen to him, let's put some clips
eh To start with, kind of mad me
love it they start in an hour who
starts in an hour
Loli FJ will start FJ in a while Oh okay
Emilio will have to look at me as I eat
javilla will have guirale to
FJ come see FJ eh
I'm going to repeat it, I'm going to repeat it and no
I'm going to get tired of saying it, you're Javi
send to see live shows from all over the world
world that doesn't do it
anyone does that sard does that
sard cans has grown tired of
repeating it has tired of repeating it So
And that's not the only one from the beginning, eh?
there is a contrast there is going to be a one
quite big contrast not now
as we move forward and above all
what we have been discussing
beginning is that in the end I think that
I felt hurt not because I couldn't find her
site for not giving her what she was looking for and
then we will see how in principle how
They raise this victimization not that
They are attacking and we reach the point of
As you say, it is not about any topic
that is playing even though Javi is in it
title or without being always falls to Javi
and has built a canal that is the house
Of all the Javi haters, total. But
you who take the subject up to date
because well FJ project the FJ channel
I imagine you all know it but
Well when the live is over I'll tell you
I will send to each channel of my partner you
that you have followed the topic up to date what what
It occurs to you that it is due to obsession
personal or because he gives you visits or that is
He really hates me so much that he can't get me out.
from his head and dawns every day
thinking about me or is that the only thing
gives you 800 viewers and if it doesn't go to
300 I think at first it was like
I said it because I was very hurt by it
not being able to be part of the group that
formed eh For certain things that already
I was watching him do it and even then
take a certain person to your channel
and release eh release it From behind and everything
This and I believe that over time it has
gone has been realizing that the
people what they demand on their channel is eh
any type of attack against you
then he often bases his channel eh or
his live shows on you even if it doesn't go with him
topic and I think that now what he tries to do
is to whitewash and say Hey, here
We attacked Javi but I'm Peppa who loves me.
to me already, no, not for my person, but to
In the end she is known to you then
Well I think it's in a cycle of
try to please people not for nothing
who attacks but for his person and now
We will see then certain nonsense that he does
like trying to please someday
example doing a live stream talking about Oye
Look, Kiko Hernández has released an ad.
in Melilla and that he did a live show
of content someday not to try it
tried but after 10 minutes it has
changed the subject you know you know that in
the fund knows what it has to do
play to have people there
answering by telling her Peppa is very nice
He's doing very well, give Javi a hard time.
That is, she has tried to do a live show
that it is content but when it has been
Having seen the right perch, I'll put it here.
the topic has not entered my clear topic
you have seen in the beginning in the
same reaction today I'm not leaving anymore
5 years ago or anything you have seen it
that a few minutes ago I put a
extract from this same afternoon in which
try to hit me low. So yes.
I have a judgment that if I
condemn Well in fact now many of
the frites have become readers of
Sentence that I will love to see how
Let the years go by and see if they
They like to read sentences so much and they read them
all because maybe some of them
I hope you read them all according to
They are coming Yes, we will see why
There are many sentences there that go to
arrive and maybe not everyone wants to
read them but this same lady who has
been reading my sentence
He denounced me, criticizing me and laughing his head off.
the clothes no because you have to see that
I have been convicted for saying I don't know
what to I don't know how much not good That was
before okay that's it now sorry before
I said this to see if you don't understand, damn it
that when we orgasm Ah Viking host
I've been having an orgasm for a few days and
come on orgasm and come on orgasm girl
for all of orgasm is enough
orgasm is that I'm so glad that
Javi has given not only that he has won the
trial but has given a hard time in the
face with the
sentences some and others
others and the companions took a
little but they reacted
wonderfully all all good all
all those who for me are companions of
Javier Javier was elated, that's what he is
to be it Emilio is to be it is
that a lot of fabric what I have been giving
Giving come come and come and come
come look here I understand that when
you stop getting along with someone
celebrate your triumphs because you no longer
You carry with that person what you don't
What I blame on her is the lack of
criterion you cannot open a live
saying I just got a video
that I have seen from Javi Uy please eat me
If I hadn't seen it before, oh my God.
You don't know who Javi is and you haven't
seen the controversy they had and you know why
what were all those insinuations or
all those comments don't [ __ ] with me, girl
That's what I attribute to him
that she does not celebrate your triumph. See if
I knew that I hadn't prepared it But
Tania made comments about those
videos where I said those expressions
No please I knew it Of course I did
I knew I didn't know because if not Why
He says that there is such a vulgar word that
she uses why she did it If you don't
you know the context how you are going to be happy
so much so that I did know what was happening
which is what FJ has said now in the end
same Niche of people who have their
channel are Javi haters then to that
people what they are crying out for
is that every day is a pin Pam pum
continuous is already Exactly Good
Wait, maybe it can be because
This is too good, wait Pepa.
Then what happens is that they give him the
stab pil armoa Totally agree
I have told you many times
no, you can't in these
homes in nor in these places in others
Lares but in these parts less is not known
can be so
Well, and besides, it's not like I'm stabbing him.
is that I don't know it
They are grateful, they don't know it
They are grateful. What bad luck.
It has the good things that you that you
they offer there is that
you will be grateful But then
he but and continues and
It continues and will continue to be like this, let's go
even if the septum is operated on
nose will follow
being how it is good then I will not
ask [ __ ] [ __ ] yes [ __ ]
Listen to me, no no, and I'm going to get into this now.
I mean, to tell the truth, no, no.
totally, I mean, you're a total jerk for a while
long and I've been telling you for about 5
years and he is right that good in what
that he said that this happens to you but it is
that with her the
and that is precisely why I am now the
I put the filter and decide who goes up
and who doesn't because it is seen that the
Javi's filter is very damaged. Okay.
not now but let's go literally that
Elena is true lie be the section
she had to approve it
It's true that she's the one in charge here.
If I poked him and he said to me, let's see what
[Laughs]
say one thing, mind it's something funny, damn
It's fun but apart from that I feel very
bad one day because I had that little thing in me
my little heart when he said It is that it has been
left alone, he has no friend, [ __ ]
that you eat that
what does not have friend if he has if he has it
What happens is that the ones you have are those of
truth and not those who for a long time
have been pretending to be their friends
to leave is enough From so much
nonsense or for example Marina no
We remember Marina, we are going to dedicate a
little while to Marina Marina I created Marina
Marina has earned heaven. She is a
a [ __ ] great aunt and you know
I'm holding back on Marina's smoke.
because if not they will give me a hard time
but I'm looking forward to having a cigarette and
I don't get it and I want to be like you
Although I can never be like you
because you are unique Marina esnal you are
unique
unrepeatable you have me skipping this clip
since I saw it this afternoon or so
This is tremendous because it contains a lot.
that clip for me
I like that c is tremendous to see It's that the
How to say How is the expression that
It is said when it is the day no or that is
because I am really ignoring her. And
But as if I didn't block her, I didn't block her.
I block or stop following her on social media or
nothing like that, what I do is no
ignore it But there is a day that is
the anti the after that is when Marina
It's clear when Marina Esnal is there
telling something is information in that
At that time Marta Riesco was a partner of
Antonio David and then Marina brought
an exclusive information that was in
against the relationship between Marta Riesco and
Antonio David makes it clear what is going on
that there Peppa was already becoming a camel
the one who wanted to flirt with her and then no
I could not speak against Marta or in
against Antonio Abid or anything because
was going to have to go into the whole story and
so the climber what he did was and that
It is documented, we have it, okay in the
Teresa's chat was applauding last night
Marina, I believe it, I don't know, I don't know how much.
and the next day in his live show Well
said what he wanted the other to say
then it was as if the truth was revealed and
She was already Pin Pin Marina Marina and
Marina is also criticized today
today because they are salsa Yes then this
cli says a lot Well now no more
Now according to them in their mind of light
and color without having any idea of ​​anything in it
mind of light and color according to them Marina
He has left telesalseo because he
has realized what you are really like Ah
Well, yes, then when Marina comes
When Marina comes and tells if who
when Marina simply comes back
you don't have to tell anything simply with
when he comes back, their mouths will be shut.
that they have to be closed, it doesn't matter
people who don't care about the mouths that they hear
closure, that is, we are talking about some
people who have uploaded here live
I have put them in their place live and
It didn't matter to them, it didn't matter to them, it served them
They have per se but if we have said it a
a lot of times to see eh And it's one of the
reasons why we have not answered
during all this time also because
In the end there are certain people who
They are already predisposed to hate you then
You can put a satanic video on it
that they are killing kittens and they are going to you
say No that that's not how it is
Javi saying eh That's because for sure
that provoked them to kill the
kittens and it is like that and what is it
says this cannot be called a
dismantling because it is of no use
Nothing. Tomorrow they will turn it around.
continually to everything that is said here
They will have an explanation, it doesn't matter.
because he is not interested in the
have I mean no, what's up now?
saying Well yes the truth is everything that
They put it yesterday because they had their meaning
if the dismounting if the dismounting is
They've been doing it on their own, that is.
for anyone who has memory for
anyone who has memory if you a
Monday you say one thing and on Wednesday
you say the
contrary and that is what happens when
you lie that in the end you either have very good
memory or what happens happens, that's how it is for me
Specifically in this case I was going to add
That's good, Peppa looks very good
very false pretending a role and
adapting like a chameleon to the
audience that I had at that time
moment no
praising him channels you haven't seen it now
FJ you haven't seen it now when
They had been listening for a week
to the chat that if we talk What if not
We talked about that if we answered better yes
better not be watching to see what he was doing
said the
majority Yes yes yes they are slaves of the
audience at least Peppa yes yes it
They have missed doing a survey.
They have done a survey, man.
please
alne how is it missing, it is not missing a
that's why other prices not today's
don't think they had made one
survey made a survey to see if
They answered him Gar de Troya or not Ay la
mother is that with the art of Troy they have
doubted whether to answer, let's see
also the memory is very bad and you have to
have a good memory even when ordering
money
Okay, you know I was recently in this
It was in a live show I did in Porto
Well, I'm going to give you port for
give you an example because Elena also
Correct me if I'm wrong, they did it with
The Chair does not criticize me and say that I am
a scoundrel because people were going to me
buy a jacket because I asked for it
the jacket because they bought me one
chair that is not this one, it is the other one, okay
Let's see what Peppa told me, let's see what Peppa told me.
See, says Raffi, I haven't seen this.
raffi today did a live show for
remove Diego and Miguel without naming them
and asked for a jacket that he had
Seen yesterday in the chat Enriquez the JJ and
Isa the moderator throws
smoke for God's sake a jacket for God's sake one
jacket she yes she yes she has
changed jacket and gr it seems to me
Muer says how loudly Moldova laughs
says
but come on I've stayed I've stayed
even more freak out if what raffi says
that I was asking for a jacket
that I had seen I can't believe it no
You can believe it, I already see that.
little shame
true Of course Of course Of course Peppa What
He had a problem with the jacket, he didn't like it
or I preferred another brand or it was the move that
It was summer, damn jacket has and in North
In the North I went through Vigo, damn it, in fact
Let's remind Peppa that in
winter you have to ask for
jackets and in summer for fans
fans and it turns out that he was going to
I want to give my Alberto a gift
no because the other days We were watching
parv lights and now it's broken
the fan, one of the fans
It has air conditioning and has two
fans but the one in the center has been
spoiled
and I say look, I'm going to give myself a B because
I don't have the budget to buy it
what what we saw he likes that is
a large ceiling light with some lights and
Inside it has the golden blades
from the microwave I
say Well, that's what I wanted for him
Regal mirao Now when you can bring me
[Music]
I want to see if someone can help me.
to buy him the
gift and it doesn't arrive to me, it doesn't arrive to me
It seems that you haven't seen yourself directly.
that I'm not going to send him when
m when I send him the umbrella send him menado
I
Well, I love you
much the
cardboard I didn't get to don't go and pick it up
the ass of the couch to [ __ ]
laul because it is not a normal lamp
[Laughs]
I swear, of course that's it. Oh, you're going to freak out.
He believes that he will have already arrived with the
relationship he has with Loli at the moment
moments I have my will have given it to
fan or not yet because the other
day Loli read 1000 turkeys in a live broadcast
that it wasn't Lolly that it wasn't Loli it wasn't
Loli who was Marlos J is that you don't
[Laughs]
whole ones are LL
marl coo to the fan I [ __ ] in the
milk that did not reach him with the blades
These special ones that I had had the
had the handles of
My goodness, what do you think?
He's getting old, eh? I mean, he's getting old badly.
the previous cl and now seeing this one no
Well, look, no, that's not it.
need is to criticize for the sake of criticizing No and
then ex eh was interested and criticized
Oju that Javi asks for a jacket with
what you have and then suddenly it
Let her go, we're not going to ask for anything.
everything about everything to
see It's that most of the time they are
jokes that we often make in the
own live on the own channel you know
That is to say, it is not that Javi enters the live show and
Say, I'm going to ask for a jacket.
We started with the joke and now you continue with
the meme that is asking for the
jacket all the live and the Super
chat that sends the people who would have them
sent the same but putting something else now
go all ot Cos m de
from taking for the jacket you understand me
that he wants to tell you but you know that
What do I tell you, Alanne, that I could ask for?
perfectly for a jacket for a
motorcycle and for a helmet if I want
It is important that when you ask
donations donations go
intended for what you have asked for
I don't know exactly if you want us to go.
to review a little bit to put it up to date
people in context
We'll see the level of talking about me.
a few clicks okay let's see some
how many clicks eh and it goes well for me
You comment on what you think of each clip
Okay, okay, let's watch three clips first.
in which his former friend burned from Troy to
that we are there watching for several
moments of the night Comment on how he has
lived from within that he has been
inside and knows what has moved
conversations you have had with her and
such is the day to day talking about jav
oliveira Let's see it is
of all the trouble he hasn't gotten into
because I repeat again that it has stuck
The lady has been talking about it all these months
Javi Lia, whether there was a topic or not,
because it gave me views like that
made it known to him
I said what to talk about today about Javi
oliveira But what has he done now?
but I'm going to play I don't know what topic but aunt
No, no, it's not that that brings people like that, of course.
then at the turn of the road you
You find that you do it on a Saturday Javier
oliveira a live from I'm going to sue
alert a youtuber and she shits herself
inside a hole that has been hidden
removed the diarrhea they have and conase and
overnight you forget about
Javi Oliveira no longer has the support of
Loli Huerta because Loli is from
vacation was in charge of screwing up his
holidays to Loli Huerta during all
those days sending the group a capture
so that I could see them and in private I don't know no
He asks Loli but in private
I guess I also mean private.
put the group to your number directly
Look what it tells me Look what it does to me
Look what happens to me because it is that it has
been non-stop every day pim p p p
p p p p p a oa when he spoke to me
shared things in the group and if not
He talks to me, he doesn't talk to me
word Why share things in the
group What is the purpose of sharing
things in the group because it has the
Loli's phone number can be sent to you
directly to Loli I don't need you to
send it to me in the group so I can
Look, I don't think Loli
he really likes being in so many
stories that don't go with her of course No
because the stories that go with Loli
They are yours, the others do not go with it
say I'm breaking my back with Loli and yes
the name is to defend her and it turns out
that I put Loli in my entire story
that she doesn't eh she No she Poor thing
The victim is raining blows on him, he doesn't know how
They have fallen and he doesn't know where they came from.
Poor thing comes and no longer speaks
no one who has missed a live show some
days has been up to two or three because
El Chiringuito connected and
disconnected, connected and disconnected
It doesn't matter if I was live.
that Andrés was live that
Whoever was there live
the dinner is that Antonio was warned about
that dinner was scheduled Yes very
Well, you asked me if I was coming
It's good that you made a dinner
broadcast live and if I do a
direct on a Saturday that I always go to
the same time and doing live shows when
when I can and it suits me Just like
André and the only day like that comes to me V
that on a Saturday, which is when there is more
people she decides I do my live by
in the afternoon and then at night I
I call Paco again and according to me
It doesn't matter what the [ __ ] Antonio is in
I don't care what you're like afterwards
If I don't come live, I don't care.
everything but I mark my live with a
dinner with friends with tobacco and alcohol
with insult directed towards the lady of the
flight that rotten rained down on her
insults and that day neither did he nor did he
had even won the rotten one
they fell, you have to have them
squares to say the poor thing with what
its by the Bo and the next day in the morning
that I knew he had a 15% hangover
tell him peepa take down that video put it on
Private records a video and apologizes
because you have been left in a terrible state because it was me
a shower of messages Peppa has screwed up
Pepa la Pero pppa is screwing up one day
behind other entities that you always have
that we have to take the chestnuts out of the fire
And now the Angel tells me it's a lie that
her mother never screws up her mother is
very good person his mother gives him the
stab wounds are like the dead bag of everything
the world where she spends all the time
The world thinks she's a fool and stabs her and
you can't ask yourself why no one
love your mother because everyone
He denies it because they are not daggers or
nor various accusations for nothing is that
everyone denies her then
If everyone in the world is crazy except you
Mother, there is no problem there, there is no problem
problem you don't see it Angel you don't see it
Well, open your eyes, son, open your eyes, see.
maturing How old is the Angel?
what it has to do with that of the Saint The
He sees everything, don't worry about that and
Regarding the al, I don't know what this is called
Hey, the one from Troy has another one from Troy
has another Yes but they call it like the one from
The Smurfs or something like that tell him no, no, I haven't
since I say Ah no they don't put it like
one but I don't remember what it was like
nickname G bad of the Smurfs not good
This one has this one has another Sunday for
He is worth it. But well, his is important.
role today because it is very related
they have been like brothers in fact
before continuing to comment on the
following videos so you can win the
heart and there you have given sun there you
you have given what solan has said that seems
who are competing over who
defend another person more Oh well
Okay, well, I think this is it. This is going to be
be a gap No no there is already a gap
is being axed there is a gap already
see that it really is the things that
Antonio is saying that they come to us very
good because it's the same as us
We were saying it all these months but
He is saying it from within
how he has experienced it from within but now
be careful, of course you're going to have
your Sunday because you have been a collaborator
active of each and every one of the
barbarities that are handsome but for
there touching Antonio's heart and
stirring up your memories I'll give you a
video before watching next
[Music]
clip
G
Hol no no no no it doesn't burn he doesn't like that
burns likes to take me to the beach and
that they put me in a hole that they fill me
la la la my son and I full of sand H
Above I was going to tell you that it was duplicated
a little bit the audio at the beginning
corrected at the end but it's not
I should do it but well the last one at
last one has been removed No yes Good to
You see, we're going to have the same number of heavy ones.
clo let's see I understand that the best thing was
enjoy the visual and the auditory
but in connection with this in connection with
This is what I have to say to people who
I promise in this same live broadcast it won't stop
that comes in this same live a
content section
Host yes
bursting at me you can let me know with
in advance for me to go to the bathroom no
no no no no you don't have to see it you have to
see it because there are love stories There are
romance stories there are quite a few things
That is to say, we both endure a little bit.
pretty we both endured endured
Hold on, let's watch another video.
Art of Troy as we were saying
Seeing Art of Troy has its Sunday worth
But here what interests us is its
opinion is valid we are taking your opinion
which may coincide a little with the
ours in this and that it is something that
we warned ago
time then I think there Peppa
It has many flaws but I think that
that one or I don't want to see it, I refuse to see that one
defect but if it happened all summer
Javi Javi Javi Javi Javi has passed him by
Javi jav Ja Javi look what he says when
your cat is already bouncing, it was going to bounce on you
to say the dogs per mu fe or the [ __ ]
your cat bounces your cat bounces
another little group bounces your balls
The chili pepper bounces on you because it gives everything for
Peppa if she defends Peppa who
stick the logs to see everyone is that already
He said that Look at the things that I
They say that Look at the things that I
They do It's that I I I I and Lolly saves
Watch their live shows, it's me and Lolly
Huerta yo yo Loli Huerta does not forgive for
As much as you want, you are not the one
protagonist of everything you are not the one
protagonist of everything now if you don't
you would have spent the whole summer like that
day also bothering Javier
oliveira better Javier oliveira
I would have forgotten a little bit about you, look
since he doesn't mention me that much and I don't
In the meantime, although we have caught the stick
four but only sees the sticks that
You get what a shame Why and I take it
observing from time to time
because Mrs. Bertrán is very good at it
well, play the victim, poor me, and
Now with what Antonio has done to me
I already want to die, I say it without saying it
No, ma'am, I can have a lot of affection for you.
I appreciate you so much I can even love you
because you are my
friend I also have my partner I have
Dear, everything you are very much in love with
you want but I am never blind always
I see the defects of people Well to
Sometimes we don't make an effort to cover those
defects that I also have defects eh
eye I have no effect for life but I
As much as I love you, I see the
I see defects very clearly
very clearly you can tell him Hey
what you're doing isn't it
doing well or I don't think he is
Well, it's up to you whether you change it.
if I changed the way of doing things
or that remains your fault, now in mine I am you
I can draw attention to something
but it's a shame I didn't see the
defects before entering the group
Come on, yes, that's not the story.
the story is not that one of the clips
What I have sent you is fair, eh, start
where the one you just put ends
and and it is very significant because it continues
doing exactly the same thing as
It happens that I put the other one, I put the other one
first no the other does change the way of
get things done
or that remains your fault, now in mine I am you
I can draw attention to something but in
all Not to me from Poor thing p TR the one from
the sticks they are giving him. Look at that.
back the blows that she has given and
Whether Javi spoke or not, there would have been fear.
I would have pim Pam pin pam pim pam pim pam
I think that of all the live shows he has done
four in all this time that is not
Javi
oliveira I think there are four direct ones
that Javier has not done
oliveira five including dinner but
Dinner was the flight if I don't fly Javier
Iira flight Javier Iira who catches the
[ __ ] we all went through all that right now
sinners can be moved to this
group the group that formed vouchers were charged
all because he later made reference
how badly you were behaving with
she knowing he previously that it was
lie exactly exactly And in
this live because I have several clips
In this live broadcast he says on several occasions
minimum minimum three that he has covered the
Peppa's mistakes knowing that Peppa
I was [ __ ] and now I
keep doing it with other people so
Don't act like a champion. You're welcome.
colleague is not that there is another part of this
direct that goes in other parts of our
today's program, well of course here if you
you realize there is a lot of reference to a
which is precisely what I mentioned
a lot the very few times because I think
that can be counted Well I think I
There are enough fingers on one hand to count the
times that I have spoken out about
This topic apart from the debate because I said
Let's see if the debate is enough. Let's see if
with the debate it is enough And it is the fact that
that she stops using other people
because that translates into money and
Let's see it elsewhere now too
what it does is that it brings in another person
in the war. I mean, if I don't already
I'm answering her on the climb
imagine the third person she
lies and she of course takes advantage of that
the other person is seen to be neither
watch a lot of YouTube or rely on what
They tell her she invents a
conflict with me that does not have to
for there to be a conflict they have to
They are both fighting But it is not that they
invent a conflict with me It's that she
to the other makes her see that I
I'm attacking the climber and the other one
You know how it attacks you too, give me
clear money, of course, that will be another thing
that we see this below more than
nothing of the I of Troy is to be put into
context with as its own
friend puts a little bit of context into that
What this lady does is not normal or
be and I want to make it very clear for
Don't take it out of context and tell me
Say no, it's that you've made 100 videos
I don't know who you are, I don't know
Rocío Carrasco's videos But if I
I'm not saying that, of course I upload 20-30 videos to
day in total between the three channels I think
which are like 20 or 30 videos a day and
evidently there are characters who are
repin all week long because they are
very controversial because they are involved in
the aleos because they are current and
The best thing is that there is a month that is not known
mentions and then I don't have that
problem, that is, if I am perhaps
fighting with alanne or do I have any
news of Javil I beira you give it but
What she does is not comment on my
moves what she does is take herself out
Javi Oliveira from wherever he is to Vero
You said it in the debate, you said it to the
Angel, I don't care what you comment
My content what bothers me is that
You spend all day criticizing me
as a person but look clear but if it is
that you have the example here eh FJ you in
your channel is dedicated to commenting on this type
of gossip yes to sometimes you have also
had to comment on things about Javi and me
Yes, I have ever said something about
What are you doing commenting on this of mine? Never
never It's more normal that I usually go to
laugh at the thumbnail. So yes, then
tell me tell me your baskets for laugh We are
surrounded this is level We are surrounded
where from
Good afternoon Warrior and warrioress
what Uy this What is Uy uy uy uy I'm going I'm going to
go moving aside I'm going to go moving aside oh oh
that something has been seen oh oh that has been seen
seen something Oh, something has been seen, let's see
my set
new that something to see to see to see
Let's see, remove the hills. Let's see, look, look.
look look look wait let's go
remove it to
remove it Oh a
look
Oh, look at the olives.
Olives, chili peppers or or
Oh, come on, don't look at me, look at me.
look look Where is it here here look look
Look, oh, don't tell me.
you don't tell me this is not a
Setup Olives and Chili Peppers Olives
chili peppers, you get it Gastronomic Setup
excellent
brought like that without any further ado, without putting up a bar or anything
superchat and the worst thing is that it is believed
funny guy come on that's the one
problem that thinks it's funny But
because there are people who are laughing in
Don't miss the chat. But why?
do
nightgown
I don't know why he's on the couch at home
someone like that
I miss the label has six what
This happened to me today. Look.
You know the only thing I wish for him, you know what
I wish that at times, for example
like today when he says he is not found
remember very well how happy you were
there was the day I was buying that
It's really true, but listen to me. Let's see.
that it is not because of age or because of the
nightgown or anything but let's see, it sounds a little
cloudy not a 70 year old lady but a 64 year old
then they tell you that we have 70 64 is
a decade older than my mother in her nightgown
Every afternoon you buy one there
chili and one or so it is already because you
You say, well, let's see, yeah. I mean, obviously.
when you see this kind of scenes
You say, well, maybe it's a little bit.
obsessive yours Yes
yes without anyone telling him anything
because you have a war or [ __ ] that
I am the subject but this is without without
be the topic eh or so here this is more
that nothing to illustrate that really
She knows that the center of her channel and Her
content and what will applaud you Well
Of course, at that moment you don't know
You think it's like normal people here
that says something no ...
moment Olivas Olives and chilies what
well brought What
ingenuity I think that the clips that
we have been watching before ard of
Troy for people who don't care
that we say is better than the
posture of a friend who has been
inside explaining and leaving Peppa
deist of
interested in manipulative not what
try to move from behind or bring people in
in between so that he is in his War
and at the end also what he says no of
talk about Javi yes d also although in
the title is not then also
He mentions in the live broadcast no because he knows
that as we have said is a slave of
content of attacking Javi and it is the
people what they expect for that what makes them
try to drag him not to this kind of
moments with the chili, the olive and
all this because it is the people who
search is already completely because I would
my soul that she
She had that need too. Look.
There is another thing that I see that she is going
alternating direct from I am a victim with
I'm going to take this live when
as when you exhaust that path now
humor with proind I already bought olives
Tomorrow I'll play the victim, you know, and that's it.
alternating those two things I guess
so as not to tire herself she goes looking and going
watching to see because even if there is no
nothing past cannot be all day
of victim Yes but I am a kiss
chochete eh I totally agree
with FJ because here there is a
very important thing
and I return to the beginning of the live broadcast
right now the audience that it has
They are Javi Vale haters then for more
that we are here for months
saying something that is super obvious to
anyone with two brain cells
They don't want to see it because the message is
we are launching
now c who was his friend and one of the
people who have a lot of this
people are guided by saying Exactly
the same and believe me it's not because it's
This channel is going to rhyme because above
my corpse is worth it, therefore he is not going
to go out. I mean no, there's no way there's going to be any
benefit nor any pact nor any
Alliance with us for saying this that
is saying and is saying
Exactly the same thing we were saying
We have been waiting all these months to see if
you did not want to believe us
Well, because we are little Satan
at least maybe to see if I can open my eyes
with what this other one is saying
person even if it is not a jump from me
devotion you know man that less than
believe more in people who have been there
with her I don't say when we are all
saying the same thing no
I know they also had a point of
inflection I think it makes approximately
15 days I fight them as such and
the reasons I don't know if you want to give
a little bit of context because it
I don't know what I'm going to show you now
below is how she takes that
this is raised to public, that is, after
seeing her dedicating her channel to me
whole Well now let's see how it is
she takes it when the conflict
She is criticized They have a point
inflection point like about 15 days ago and
It starts little by little, it's worth it.
Troy I personally have the little that I have
I think he has never been affected by it.
Well, Troy will have its diro eh For
Those of you who are just entering, I repeat it to you
will have his Sunday but I think he
He has never been good at climbing and that
He just said it, eh, that is, he puts it in
doubt the fact of his
friendship had ent and well continues
continue and now you don't Speaking in silver
Basically what I think is that
He has never supported her. What happens is that
This guy is smart, he's coming from
back And this one has street and while
has had a relationship with her has been
false with her for what comes from the
Peppa's hand and he thought he had it
to be with her to continue the
hand with that which goes hand in hand with
that person who holds Peppa's hand
the moment he has seen that he can
attack Peppa because she did it and
attacking Peppa the other one follows
[Music]
pay in private that the impression
that he had given him is that this person in
private behaved totally
different from when Peppa was in front
and that he considered that Peppa was
manipulating this person okay okay Yes
That is, Tania began to talk to each other
Loli privately to thank you
donation and when he climbs he finds out that
There are private conversations that she does not
controls for Tania no That was the
clear movement The fact is that Tania in
That live exposed and I think that for more
problems that I have with Tania
I think he has hit the nail on the head
totally she said that she considered that
Peppa was eh Well then eh
manipulating the other person or
some
way of putting ideas into his head and
otherwise good the The case is
that
Loli stop stop stop stop Sorry no
no no stop stop stop stop we put that
click And you keep explaining no no you
forget what you're saying, eh?
You're next, but I have the c here at hand.
and it turns out that with light hair there's a lot of gossip
But I'm already disassociating myself from this gossip.
I'm sick of this shitty gossip
I disassociate myself, I like to debate, I like
disassemble
as best I can as best I can
I'm worse off than I am, I don't care about this [ __ ].
they don't go to me
van María Teresa duaso you don't tell him
your friend when they talk bad about
She is that I incite it is that one thing
I mean, look what this guy has put
because it can happen to me too
but one thing is you have to do
direct and get on here look look if not
You have it, I'm going to pass it to you in full
straight that but I don't care eh that
I don't care about your opinion, you are free to
Say what you want. I know how I am.
Maybe we don't all act the same but I do.
I appreciate it when you send advice and I
They have stopped, I am grateful for it
and I did the same thing and this in private and
she doesn't
bothered him and she didn't
bothered s What do you say and it didn't bother him at all
private
This did not invite me to go to your
Jo house, I mean, I see it as a good one
person and I told him Loli don't give him a euro
I didn't tell any channel Loli, don't give it away
not a euro to anyone
channel and we'll see what happens He told me No
because if you don't have
reason in fact you can put the click
yours too, which also comes from here
we have it then we have it then okay
Watching this live from Tania is a
shortly after this live from Tania
I think it's from last week or so.
but well in this live show that you
I'm saying said exactly the same thing
that what we just heard with
other words but he said exactly the same
Claro same in that live two passed
very important things
one that Tania said
openly that he had advised him to
This person who is careful with him
environment that she had and that was when Peppa
said what a host is coming at me and
on the other hand
ard Troy saw that even though this
person had had a conflict with
Peppa and with the other person and so on
another person did not move away or did not
was bothered by this wise person who
Peppa was no longer necessary the equation of
made in the live broadcast about Peppa
Loli makes a donation as very well as
ent clo or in this live show by Tania
Two very important things happened, one
that Ard of Troy saw that Peppa was no longer
necessary in all this and no longer had to
why continue to put up with it and second that
Peppa said
host that a person is advising
to this other person who [ __ ] moderates the
way of speaking Look be careful that you
They are inciting you not to fall for it like
a bull etcetera etcetera etcetera everything
That doesn't suit Peppa because
precisely what Peppa wears
benefiting a long time is from
to warm a person's head
exactly or that is that that live of
Tania was brutal brutal because as a result of
that's when it was unleashed
absolutely everything Yes from the live of
Tania was then totally on fire.
I was going to say then ard of Troy when I saw
a little bit of what's going on between Peppa
and
Tania wanted to stay out of it
wait a little, don't take a position, and there
Peppa is when we say it all begins
This is pressing the ard of Troy saying
that is positioned that is positioned that is
position and meanwhile they wanted
wait for Loli to come from her
vacation but
her and we will leave this for when she
ring at the top of
Troy but it turns out that in the live
He says that I don't have to
I don't have to position myself
echo has echo Ah I hear it well
Now why do I echo, I don't know the
I hear well So then it's the same
Javi toate stay still let's see now now
now well
Ah I have to silence I have to
mute good ig This is getting crazy
but well nothing good happens that what
I was saying that what Toya says is that
I don't have to take a position on one
a fight that neither suits me nor comes to me and says
In the same live broadcast, it really says that I
What I wanted to talk about is the live broadcast of
Jai says from one fight to another
elard of Troy that I have no reason to
position myself in a fight between Tania and
Peppa because it's not my fight I don't have
why get into a fight that is
It's strange that they fix themselves. They both and her
you are taking away, of course, taking away
visibility Because it also says what about the
you are taking away visibility
visibility to answer Javi the
live the live that you and I did
that it wasn't a fight with him either
Okay, but you can get into that one, but
There is an ingredient that escapes you
Peppa and although Peppa has
Mili has found one that has more Milly
that she and then I have the theory
for Peppa's relationship that we are going to see
after that in that false
friendship they have had during these
months
the ar of Troy has indeed had
be careful what you told the
Peppa and what she talked to her about and if she
I was telling something, it was a person but not
it has been in writing and no and no
only and not only that but
ard of
Troy really is That is the relationship that
They had between the three of them, it was between the three of them
That is to say, he no longer has laus, that is to say in the
moment in which they are separated she
is afraid that the other person will
can Pos by ard of Troy Yes yes but
that you go and know what Peppa in
written and in audios and in everything he has
told to the other who has so much
terror have you seen how he behaves
Peppa and how she has the philosophy of
talk about Javi Oliveira, the guindilla
to the point of decorating your house with
Javi Oliveira Vale I don't know if it's the
entry will have put a bust on me or
something like that but let's see what
This is what happens when you finally get it
a controversy with a youtuber named Ja
Well this time his name is not Javi.
Oliveira is not called teleindiscreta, no
It's called merimer, it's not called any other
If you are interested, let's see how it is taken
She when she has a controversy but in
This occasion is called the ard of Troy
see I would go go Oh you can't hear it no
is written on
audio we have to see that let's see you go
to go crazy with the Kitty Pon Eh me
You're going to go crazy with the Kitty Pon yo
I think I should pass, I would pass.
would happen sincerely because what they are
waiting for that to continue recording
of course to have another video and say
to have another video more I mean like
She Exactly not but I I I would do
just the first one to demonstrate or that is
to see to take off the mask a little
about lying and how it is done
distort that already told and then
stop it for a second
Sir
Angel looks very ugly trying to be a
Javi's cheap copy of AliExpress
oliveira please own personality
Thank you, come on Angel of
for bad but it's that
TRUE
little
[Applause]
[Music]
there is a journey there is a journey art
art by the way By
true it is
listen Hey share
screen problem well boy
problem image you had set now
Same eh I leave it as a note okay or so
more than anything because it remains. I mean, to me
It seems wonderful that then they
have the balls to mess with him
physique of other women and and and with that you
you operate those curls okay that he did it
hairdresser did them I'll tell you
exactly
eh True Friday the 17th Friday the 17th
November means Friday, November 17th
Look, I don't know if he's still following it right now.
having but on Friday
24 said by herself she said today yes
I still have the curls
that he did to me last Friday
hairdresser I said come on See you later Yes yes
Yeah
Mr. week with plaster or with cement
with cement for a week but oh no
They give Loli pabón or what's the thing there?
I leave it and one
week
the hair and physique of the others come
pretty
Oh, I didn't give him videos of Troy, eh?
I didn't tell him why they are
waiting for that to continue recording
clear to have another video and of
another one, more lies and more lies
no but I I I would only do the first one
to demonstrate or to see
take off the mask a little
lie and how that distortion is done
as he says with Tania and then after that
If they keep pulling, then they will pull.
later if we don't talk now but for now
minus one to give the version the version
our Paco you know one to give our
version already
then stop if they want to continue you
continue angel, what do you want to answer?
answer but answer directly to
what you want to answer and not praise
Of course, of course, that's what I say.
throwing an hour with the same story no
you do it for 8 months you will go
month you no longer call him so that the 20
as I continue saying that
And one hour says one hour says come no
[ __ ] me Oh her [ __ ] eh But you know which one
It is the problem The problem is that it is that
He did it with me because I was the one who
lived off it turns out
Clear
that
That begins
of
destroy me by trying to try to
destroy me by humiliating me
to harass me
continually with his people with him
same in many many many videos in
enter here for Met enter here for
destroy me
the live shows in short
that I knew and I knew him since
first hand the one who knew the
sard that what he wanted was good because
I would not continue with my channel that the lady
that he says that the donor was donating to him
was with me I never took it away from her
we have never heard it 200,000 times
LOL's and mine
never that he gave me 1000 a day that in
end the atrocities we have done to him
heard Oliveira say
and I deserve it too, eh, I mean, it was
many videos of the woman and the whole thing
But why didn't he want to be a Troyan?
answer what is happening Why with
how much she wants, damn you have to
one there who answers you and me because
fighting with the art of Troy is not
fight with you you had in the end with
she had a relationship even though she was in your group
of much more superficial collaborators
with the ard of Troy according to what they have slept
together with the phone at their side and one
I slept at 7
hours are lar much know a lot about each other
another and and and this said by her this
What she said is that the ard of Troy is a
mindundi answer ard of Troy does not give
benefits But that has been its
excuse I think that in that case apart from
the joke he had was his
excuse because she would not have wanted to
Look, it's more the first time that he has
answered the ar of Troy Look at the one that
has formed with this donations you
you imagine
follow the first blow but it has left her
very clear that must be said eh because
She has her feet on the ground and is
with your feet on the ground and it is not
far from the reality that has left her
talk about Troy very clearly because now
Even people are paying attention to him, eh?
says I will not be the one to say who
You need more of this for your channel, that's what I said.
Who needs this the most? We
we have the same visualizations
same people Let's talk about you let's not talk
of you you
You started with the merimer thing and then with
Javi's thing after with the flight that
If the widows who did not give you
views you've been trying
and you've never had any views Anto
Antoin never never thinks
that but not many people but I want
make this very clear that people are not going to
to his channel because he is good because he
is doing the same thing he did with
Remember the same thing he did with J.
what have you done with what you talked about when
Big Brother of Big Brother B of what
be with the flight and has not had
visualizations that are not because you are
Well, but why are you talking about me?
mother of course find out Put that in your
head antoñito you know it you know that
It is so If you know it is so If not yes
It is that he is doing the same thing but it is not
that now you have become better and you have
more views or more people following
being the
himself
same thing is that now you are
talking to my mother then you are
All the people who hate are coming
my mother is coming to you
the games are made
alone but it is true that what you need
and I think it needs a little bit of
love
that's how my So it is that it is a is that
is the genius of YouTube has realized
that the other one doesn't see it for him eh No
No, they don't watch it because people like it.
Those who hate their mother see it
LG How did you come to that conclusion?
the little angel eh I can't think of anything, look at you
where did you see the dismantling of the
of the Angel who is Forgive What
dismantling good
exactly a direct or rather Or rather you
You mean by dismantling a live show
in which a jar of sugar was taken and
He got very excited, damn I'm here
drinking Monster and I'm about to quit huh
I say, look, if I ever get like that
but listen to me no no it reminded me of
when you give more sugar than necessary
the children who are like super successes yes
yes yes yes yes just like that just like that
It reminded me of that but eh his mothering
Las Palmas no no no it's that on the day the
the day before he said to Troy is burning and what
dismantling is going to make me like the one who
you made Tania if you're crazy or something
So and the other breaded one said I will you
high high high
high don't laugh because it was very
very very No, I prefer him when he is
breaded the truth no Me too me me
I looked at it and it gave me a little bit of
little thing and I said yes it gave a little bit of
grimace Yes very forced
Well, it makes me laugh a lot and the position
a little bit of privileged people who are
They are not privileged when they have been
they have done the same they have not done the same
What they criticize is not what they talk about and now they talk about it
of numbers no and in the end facts have
built that base of audience numbers
because they haven't stopped talking about Javi and
then of course it is very curious that
that he starts talking about the numbers of
from the ard of Troy because now he does not
live shows work well because they have
dedicated directly to this one to the other to the other
and of course they no longer reach those 600 or 700
people who have Peppa Pig
They have believed and really like hosts
been seeing in all these attempts to
To make humor is to try to make people see
the people who are there for that reason
not for what they say but in the end for
what I spoke about and they are not there for them
exactly and little angel you
you know No I think you think so eh Of
true you only talk about the same thing
[ __ ] you only talk about the same thing
balls
and look
wait we do not wait
The cat has put me to wait
dancer has made me dancer
This is not
I am not here for this necessary
eh Look and see photo photo powerful photo that
you have been touched by this because you are a
champion
champion you are a champion
I have three glasses for you, look what you get later
Angel Vay
Look at three glasses, this one is big, I, I
I'm going to vote for this to be La Grande
champion that you are a champion is then
we have this little medium one you know
medium and this
little one
champion
FJ by allusions champion let's see has
time has time this is clear It is that
Look, I don't know specifically what it is anymore.
That's what I said about her, but of course
now that he is more entangled with others
with other topics Not now that they talk
much of it no longer gives them to you, I don't know
feels so privileged not to be talked about
She, although deep down she says they should talk
I think that's good but it's not
can control the fronts and I won't know
tell you why I came to see you, tell me
what I say I say that she is
delighted that the other day was super
excited saying they are talking about me
in three different live shows Yes yes but
I said it like with the imitations eh Yes
Well yes but yes but deep down it is
enchanted life Alena and you know it V
Please, it is true that
that she does like people to talk about her but
has just come up with this controversy
with this with everything that happened with Art de
Troy that just does not respond because
There is something more transcendental in that
relationship that is all the [ __ ] that it is
have saved and that is why it is right there
He no longer cares what to talk about
Troy of her because what are we going to do?
according to the private party or the
that we know of or what he has hidden, no
that we haven't already said And if there is to be
have a shot we take it or yes
No, we see them taking it later.
Let's see now we're going to go into
the part of the money in the part
economic which in the end is much
background of this not of all that
Here behind is the objective to be achieved
no and we are going to go by parts we are going to try
several points the origin of everything is the
objective Let's see, it's the mobile, let's say no
I mean, all the controversy, I would say that
Peppa is how I think Peppa has been
like the pomegranate that has brought evil
roll in many YouTube environments
but there is also a mobile and the mobile of
Peppa is the pasta, the money, that is, here
It's not that friendships turn out better for me or
I get worse here is the money then
Here is a first point that those who
We've been here for a while and well, above all
in this case FJ who is the one who is more
daily on a YouTube channel no Y
You know the reasons why they can
put a strike for those who can you
put a video in Yellow effects
that they can have if someone reports you
a video in short and there is a mantra that is
very important here to deny people
Ah, they don't like that word, eh, they don't
I like it, so I'm going to repeat it, there's a
mantra that must be repeated to people
so that people are not deceived, it is worth it
because I ask you for a jacket and I
I asked you for 3000 members and I ask you
for everything but I tell you what you
I ask for what I will never do.
is to invent the rules of YouTube and
invent how YouTube works
to get money from anyone Okay
when they put a video on you
Yellow, call her Peppa or whatever her name is
I called the videos in yellow to you
they put when you don't comply eh When you
channel is already damaged when you
channel is already marked by the
vocabulary and tonight we are going to see a
lots of examples why it could be
Okay, they don't show me the videos on
Yellow is very rare for me to fall
a video in Yellow but it is
completely false that because nobody
go to your live to report or whatever
three points and you report that they take away your
monetization that is a mantra that has been
invented that is completely
lie If that were so I would do it for years
that I wouldn't charge a penny from YouTube. I mean
if an anonymous person had the
power to take away monetization from a
youtuber me not
I would charge no I would not charge so much
clear, I mean, imagine, well, now
I don't want FJ to charge anything.
more than FJ finishes the live I'll go and and
I file a report and I no longer charge, no, that's not it.
That's right. That's a lie. That's right.
completely false if it makes you very
usually the videos in Yellow
man because your channel has one
series of languages ​​and a series of things
that YouTube already detects it until
you keep improving and again YouTube coa
a streak that your channel detects you such as
What is the intention of repeating and
repeat and repeat that YouTube puts you
the videos in
Yellow
surprise that I just received 500 bucks
of
LOL
go the data the data the data no no
It comes that you show the mobiles
with great confidence Look at the second one
has fallen from
ass
Go [ __ ] yourself, [ __ ] yourself, someone gets screwed
because she wants lost money
You return it to the recipient on the 2nd
July at 2 a.m.
1:51 stay with the stay with the
moved eh When you receive the visa already
regardless of whether it is for the
yellow video because it's his birthday
whatever when you receive the visa instead
When congratulating her, the mantra is to [ __ ] off
because they make him believe that he is
[ __ ] another person when he lets go
money a super chat of 5 a super chat
a 500 la Pepa bonus for screwing up the
direct people
Ah people saw now now that I did not
listen to mine the m mine too
They have reported Pepa now that
be 1 that are 1
or don't tell me that they have reported it for the
conversation we had no no no
They denounce to screw up our advertising, eh?
it
do what I'm going to say I'm going to do a B
right now from 500 to has huos has
balls to win it in a single live
Now you put it in red in Colorado or
in purple or fuchsia as you all are
the garbage that is out there, all that
all the garbage out there and I'm alone
alone me alone me alone me alone me not
I need to be alarmed, nor does anyone ask me to.
alone I know why Because I am LoL
huetas And you know why Because I do it
that comes out of my
Navas So now you can put it in
purple that we have enjoyed And
I'm going to fight for tonight
These enjoyments, these laughs, and that's what
what I did before and if you want war here
You have me But I alone, alone, you in
Tribe
When I wanted to buy something from someone
No, I haven't needed anyone to ask me.
I did it because I felt like it
Okay, Neverland, no one has ever asked me for anything.
Now if you want you can put it in
purple but you should know that it is going to be
receive eh you have put it to him
in purple now let's see how much he's going to charge
the other says
and now you
In unison I will send you 20 and 20 Oh what
I'm going to give you this. Oh, I am.
I can put this together now and see
when you arrive I'm waiting
From the comment my ovaries
They touch the minimum, the ovaries touch me
They play the minimum See the comment of
Andrés and if you want to go for it and if
You want to go for her You're going for me and if
You're going for her You're going for me and her
You are not going to do it
To be silent seems very strong to me that as a result
to build the base the mantra from there
They demonetize our live shows because
people come to know what community to
report to us and from there everything has emerged
all this speech of making him believe that he is
a war that they cannot wage
earn their bread by working doing their
direct and monetizing only and really
This is not just about anyone coming
Click and report. That is verified.
and in fact the person who reports if the
Report is not valid and action is taken.
with that person, that is, you will stop having
importance when reporting
to do that I was reading to the
respect And look here again
we built that Crusade I didn't come back from 500
I think the intentions are there
I think the intentions are
I'll also tell you one thing very clearly, eh?
both in this clip and in many others
To me, honestly, I only
One thing is clear and that is that none of them
The two people who were upstairs are
friends because a friend would not have
allowed the person below
follow in the
direct that's it, that's what I have to
clear but but clear but if it is that
on the contrary, it is not that they are
allowing it to continue is not what it is
that they are cheering her on but a friend of
truth does not allow the person to
below continue live and that's it
clo but I've already said that
many times but it is that they are
there saying that we are
putting the videos in Yellow as
Damn, I'm going to put it like who I am.
a YouTube support or what the [ __ ] am I?
to make the videos yellow
Even if I wanted to Even if I were a
bastard I mean you think I have the
power to go and give it a button and take it away
monetizing a YouTube channel by
God they speak without knowing that by logic already
which is simply by logic or so
when he said that the live shows were after
They put them in green, do you remember that?
We were there one day live and
I told you, well, why don't you tell him?
your community Hey what good news that
They have put him in green, the son answered
Oh, he doesn't know and it's true, I
YouTube I don't understand anything said It's that the
first views are in the
first hours That is, almost all of them
views are in the early hours
then it is no longer useful to us and that's it
I can buy But then I ask him
why he returned the 500
to look good because I looked like a [ __ ]
mother who returns the 500 for staying
point Oh God why did he return the one
500 you say It's that I have a cli here of
Tania, what's happening is that I don't know why I don't know.
I had gotten into something where it is questionable
that he has returned the
500 The thing is, I don't have it here.
I'm stuck, I don't know why, I don't know if it will be
This one with lolas you go for money and it's my
opinion and I have to say something to tell me
when the philosopher says why not
you have balls you don't have balls already
I'm going to say you with boobs go for money
and it is my opinion and I have to say
There's a c from Tania in the live show
Tania tells him, Hey, tell us what happened with
the 500 euros
and leaves it there in the air maybe
then they did it again Go to
know I don't know No I don't think I know
return it, why are you going to return it?
to give it to the next member who doesn't
It makes sense. But well, that's it, I don't know.
if it is that but anyway they are given to you
return it, do not return it, the intention
I think it's for preschoolers, not for
kindergarten no I don't think it's necessary to be
bad thinking to realize that yes
You know what happens is that in the end during
all this time the typical not when
I donated on Javi's Channel You didn't say
nothing, eh, it's just that I don't care
What this lady does with her money gives me
Exactly the same but you are not there
seeing more than
Obviously you don't have the intentions
seeing part of that I have already answered a
a million times when I donated here in
This channel, eh, first of all, didn't donate that much.
it
secondly, I didn't talk to her, that is, I didn't talk to her
she thinks I've spoken
twice because he called live
on Instagram like that but I haven't
engaged in any conversation with her
She herself said it I have it saved
I haven't gone to look for her to come to
donate and F apart nothing had happened or
be that lady at that moment Well of
FJ and Enrique have talks with
them in their channels and the lady is
acting like a normal lady
behaving or where I see serious
What I see as serious here are two points
as she is going to look for her for what she is going to
look for her as she sells him two things that
we demonetize the live shows
for her to make up for it and give her
Money to her is like a war with
we that we are
messing with her with the person who
donate and the way to respond to us is donate
donating clear clear is the story that
She has mounted him Okay then here it is
donated of course whoever wants can donate
I'm just going to say one I'm just going to say one
thing and I'm not the only person I'm not the
only person who has had this kind of
conversations I tell you Peppa in this
phone There is a conversation
with you in which it is very clear
intentions that you have with
Loli in a conversation with me and I know
that I am not the only person who with
that you have had this kind of
conversations but you are not the only one nor
You are We told you so in its day
We said at the time, give us permission to take out
these conversations give us permission but
I also want the wallet that I
I also want to get closer to
to get some money out of him that the boss claims
having listened to these audios and also
He challenged Peppa if she gave him permission.
He put them on and the other one told him that he didn't
gave permission also did not hide from
nothing said no no permission no that is illegal
Jordi, I told you too.
in a live broadcast that I called you when I
I started getting into YouTube because
FJ and I got into discord and
To me, the Peppa that was when I met her
There he told me, "Oh, well, what am I doing?"
Introduce Loli Huerta to her.
get everything I can and more and that I
it
deny that he denies it to me They threw me out
from discord and I went the other way
by discord I got kicked out the door of
back but I say if I don't want myself here
I'm not going to stay in your
channel That is clearer than the
water but let him tell me face to face
me who didn't say that and well and what about the sin
You may be right because you already have it recorded
also saying that the atrocities
What was I saying about Loli now? That's my friend, yes, that's it.
Yes we already put it but LoL Who is the
What's up FJ girl? Well, I don't know how to tell you, eh?
I don't think I haven't heard of it, mill.
mill would be part of the community in
some time but neither or that is to say it has
time that boy wants eh and Well you the
you've wanted for a year and a half eh me
I've been talking to her every day
days and I have sought her friendship for that reason
and I have sought her friendship for that reason
Javi, you don't have conversations with me.
you don't have conversations with me
telling me that you are going to look for Loli because
You told me to go look for her
because he already recognized it, let's see, take it out
put it on the screen to see what I said
Let's see Loli, you don't have conversations.
with me and many people saying that
you are going to be friends with
Loli But I was already Loli's friend
you were
friend Loli, let's see if she opens her wallet how
tea
I ask No, well not those things because I
offend, what permission for the
conversations you give me permission to
take it out, how am I going to give you permission?
to extract any type of
conversations are not with yours
s because that is illegal and not
other people's conversations because
are also illegal And also if you
You have Pablo, I have
Fernando but I want him to come in
is doing
illegal okay okay they are me I have
confused I am being told in the
chat that is not a mill that is juanma no
I know who Juanma is. I don't know who he is either.
Juan, I don't know, but there are several, eh, I mean
that this is a couple of c that we have
post example but there are many
people because she before becoming
Her friend hasn't cut herself or
saying it and at any time then
They leave, it is illegal, yes, but oh well,
I smite because as it is one it is or rather as
He's talking about Peppa so that later he doesn't
put something that doesn't belong in the garden
So it's not a mill that I have
confused, okay, already, it sounds familiar to me
boy from a long time ago but there are many
that have come out and have told around here in
Twitter and such people group people that
I am saying it myself that I
same and also along with that what
we are what we were commenting on before
that she is the one who makes him see
Loli, well, those windmills are like the ones
Don Quixote doesn't see things that aren't there.
creates illusions, he creates them in his factory
and yes, he makes all this up to make people see
that has an enemy that there is something behind
in fact listen to the answer that
she gives eh
with all this when I tried
explain to people hey be careful
that the videos are not being put on
In Yellow be careful that this woman
It makes me colorful every day but
then he calls me privately that's a
which we will see now below
Look at the answer she gives when
I explain that she starts calling me
Even though I'm putting myself out there in public
green don't tell me you're going there I do
what I want very well Elizana
there two pairs
to the lessons that I already feel
uncomfortable that you may not feel
uncomfortable that you have a very very chair
Gamer good very good I'm glad that
Irene another one does not p it in this in this
Crusade that we have because this is a
Crusade
Look, I'm glad you helped me, he says.
there are like 300-400 turkeys that Irene León
That's good, now we'll see Irene León
not to help me in this Crusade, that is to say
way to answer me is to give him money
even if it were true that there was one
Crusade how does it help you to be given
money in the Crusade no But has put
the head because or rather because they have
made to believe that you are very angry
that they receive money then it is
as if to make you angry, yes of course
It's sad deep down as if I were
mattered Or you cared three
[ __ ] what they charge you know it's
sad that he sneaks that into a
person sneaks in sneaks in no but it is that
Sad is not what sneaks into a person
Javi the sad thing is that he is when in
many to see if it sneaks into the person who
He is giving the money, no, he is not giving it to me.
money that pisses Javi off and sneaks in
the audience Claro because there are 400 500
600 people watching that all
the afternoons are applauding him
Simply because they hate Jabi Oliveira
than any other chat or any other
Hey, listen to me, stop, what are you doing?
what Crusade
cut cut the Tap Loli cut the
Tap but like everything like everyone
It's from all the world channels here
I introduce you to Loli
Huertas the donor
donor okay let's see I'm not going to
I know I'm not going to answer today, it's that
the one I'm going to leave it for when
can digest very well and I'm going to do it
spread with a little oil
pure light olive oil
olive clear for that I have money for
pay me back
I have never said that I maintain
Look, I have never said that I maintain and
that no one needs me for
keep you
They are never paranoid stories about people
from the street and here I got off at the
street to say that if some have
I have more than not coming from the
street eh is means
Hey, what is that? Let's see if the day that
I can go up
has the
balls he [ __ ] like he says you for
Here they are going to tell me that I
and he comes in, eh, and he really rebuts
with me because the first thing that is
It is very wrong that if I want to give it
With my money I give you up to
Enene because he has no shortage of enemies.
I could get into any of those
channels where you are
messing with people who mess with each other and with
some that
Now in short that the money is
like boxing gloves because it says
If I want to give him my money, I give it to him.
even in the
dni I'm going to start handing out money to
all the people you are arguing with
That's it, if he just said it, there's no more.
I would stay above all with everything with
everything that has been said and what
that is being said now even the
follower of doing what he wants with his money
that I want But maybe that
long without giving money to anyone who does
donations if you want for a good
cause for what she considers for herself
same as what I do not give to anyone
no youtuber let's see what happens
No, not only has Javi told him this, but
Tania
followers from the first day even
There's a live show, I'm in the other house.
still and I tell him if you want it to you
I return everything because in the end
Here it seems that it is like seeing me
know that I know this by heart, Ocar already
I'm not going to give him a damn because
I also make that very clear Why
Because not only has it been done
paid I don't know how many quarterly payments already
has been paid twice a year since it was
proposed at the time but here I see
I think there was maybe a month that
It would have been better to give 1000 euros or something for it
style in one month and maybe another month
that gave 1 and something 300 400 which is very
Although here we appreciate even the people
that gives two hits three in each live
jitos but those things those things that
I see on this channel for example
the climb that comes in here, gossip, I don't know
ha
seeing that a bar is filled
First of all, if I had done it, I wouldn't have
I tell a person not to donate because
Here I live off of people donating
member and such and at that moment that woman
I wasn't doing anything nor was I
insulting anyone or getting involved
I don't have to tell anyone about it
Here you go if you are donating because it is my
I work and live off people donating
superchat And such But that that that of
fill a bar with 1000 members
Well I've slipped in but maybe 50 50
50 50 ch of 100 that has not been done here
seen that here it has not been seen that they
They talk about how are you? And then about what?
They are friends, yes, of course, from school.
Chiquitita's are friends and she puts up with it
Loli on the phone for hours and hours and hours
because he likes her a lot. Let's see what
we have the exact moment recorded
where the climber takes the cane and throws it
glove Let's see, let's see, Loli has just
make another 50 Loli visa, just Loli
Loli is Loli, there is no such thing as Loli, they are the Kings.
Wizards no Hello Javi Well yes Look I am
Loli wtas have told me everything but
There have also been people who have understood it
They have even taken me for I don't know how
stupid or something that's what they told me
make sure of things after I had
that go and Well I have also answered
without disrespect because you can do it
look but yes I am that Loli Huertas Ah
No kidding Loli Thank you so much for watching
Thank you so much for your generosity
Of course, thanks to that, they are maintained
channels Let's see wait because my Pepa has me
sent something Oh no, I'm going to the Pepa channel
be otherwise Loli is officially
adopted by this great community
Oh, he's got me looking at him with my hair standing on end.
a bit of it
godmother is Espera who has a channel
pppa seriously eh But pppa which one is it going to be
your content Well there you have already promoted your
channel and all that stuff is fine but
apart there are some chats I don't have them no
I wanted to look for them today but I didn't.
I've looked for it but she's in the chat
What is Loli's Instagram? What is the
Loli's Instagram and it's that live
Exactly where he already puts it
cane
wow, what things the internet is like
that everything happens
Here are some things from the mateca, not for you.
your hair stands on end, Elena
When they give me super chat, look at me
I'm looking forward to opening my channel and
remove all the donors from here
have no no no no when they give me super
chat You don't get on my nerves
the emotion Javi but they want
compare things that have nothing to do with each other
By the way, he made the croquette yesterday.
made the croquette so much that they are
criticized you for
make the bar the whole neighborhood for the
Loli Enton
no no it wasn't Loli it wasn't LoL it was Marlos It was
marlos Ah okay okay okay okay okay okay
This was where I saw her again
noene
Thank you very much for God
Thank you very much
my truth of Irene
you
Marlos wings
I'm happy that I'm here
tip does these things
for this montage of the Indian this montage
made in this live you see the two
pigtails with the ringlets that said to
the curls of just one week
That's why they didn't stand out before
Friday's live broadcast is why it is not broadcast
made his hair stand on end
with me when he donated to me he was
They made the hair stand on end but when
She gets a high that
don't see if you get a milk rush
comes there are two clips to see there is a
comment on this from ard of Troy
I don't know how to interpret it, okay?
Much to talk about but first I have to
watch two clips with you about the
times you have been advised
to this person Hey I would do it eh Hey yes
I have doubts if you want to check your
friendship with this person do not give a penny
and let's see if it lasts 4 hours
On the phone it seems like very good advice
really nothing happens you guys
You returned to Ol the 500 bucks that he paid
yellow hab direct This was [ __ ] This
It was the one of the
direct that one of the 500
turkeys your
home and I see her as a good person and
I said Loli don't give a single euro to anyone
channel I told you Loli don't give a single
euro to no
channel and we'll see what
He told me No because if not Javiera
I was right, don't give even 1 euro to see what
Come in, but hey, some advice without knowing you
You'll see how I'm going to be right.
Go three months without donating a single euro to
none I wish
I wish the phone killed me.
Loli at heart but the owner
due in that
moment felt
Elo Loli is
free of provoked but that Loli is
free long live the evil li but it is that
true what you need I think that you
a little love is needed
[Applause]
[Music]
long live the
I read a Sunday for the dismantling that you
made the
son disassembly for I called him disassembly
which
ha the [ __ ] he did doesn't say no Hey
but how he looks at me when I give him a
advice to your friend damn if I'm still
waiting for you to respond to my video
May
Aunt has not taken time out for the boy but
but Loli but Loli will be able to do what
want but Loli but Loli but Loli is
free is not that this person prefers not to
speak sincerely then there is one thing
that Peppa is precisely pressing, that is
Peppa pressures Troy ard to
position themselves but Peppa doesn't pressure her
friend Loli to position herself Between
she or Troy burns, host What
good what Good point What a good
point attentive to the words of ard de
Troy on the subject of
donations A
seeing is not hearing
The little program has me crazy today, eh?
Look, we have it prepared and all
the clip things
but because you need content for your
channel because you need views and
get the most out of it
monetization problem that you have
has a very big problem that although
had a million euros every day
months in the hands would not reach the end of
month never that's your problem
host
that's you
problem that even if I had a million
euros every month in your hands, don't you
If the end of the month comes, you'd already look for it.
you so that you don't reach the day
15 Well, look, he's gone and everything already
talking to herself Where
is knowing that here I am
I
Uh without interpretations it is better not even
nothing, that is to say it is very open and
There can be many things that are
She says that she is a big spender, that is,
plan eh that you will take care of Although
you win a million euros a month
month
I haven't even made it to the end of the month yet.
with those no I mean I don't understand it very well
Well, well, that's the way it goes. Yes.
there we have a lot of material, eh, we have a lot of material
board
Hey, we still have a lot of material left.
eh I don't know if you notice that
because we have already commented on it
everything with the Crusade then This yes
we had a folder that was
exactly where she was seen using
directly to other people Not for
that other people get dirty by
she who seems to me to be the best
also a good move no
selfishly it's a good move
Because of course she always plays on the edge
no and in the end it has a person who
She doesn't care if they sue her or not
the compensation you have matters
to pay if the
demand has no limits when it comes to
Insulting has no limits when it comes to
slander
then 100% you know or that is to say it has
gone out not only with her but with
Tania at the time when she was
posted a clip that was already offered
pass everything on to him live at the moment
why do you comment on what she likes?
interested in your
war that's how it is if you have actually learned
entered your channel He has already told you that
No, because the son wasn't there. Do you remember?
Of course, you always need someone, let's go.
to talk a little about the topic of
insults because I want to go little by little
arriving at a very special night that
There was on the Peppa Channel and had to
ask for forgiveness but for that I have to you
put it into context a bit, okay, let's go
see a couple of Peppa super clips on
against bad manners and
It is filled with hatred as I say again
Flight 714 that monetizes gold I say hate with
with my [ __ ] from my mother from Loli and
that they tell us everything and that Diego them
applaud
[ __ ] And now
What is enough, because many tribes are
Oh, I'm also a tribe
[ __ ] this tribe this kids are this
what goes away like a chameleon
depending on the day, what was happening there
when he doesn't play his role of taking it to heart
Joke, that's how it looks on them
things not when there are people in which
you try to support and you see that they defend
others with whom they are seen
Diego had had minimal or no treatment
went with him
flight and reacted like that and she tried
when he saw that Diego and I were not the ones
best friends she tried
approach inus sub call Yes yes in the
chat I have seen many times that he has
made towards Diego as if saying damn
that every time I call you it costs me the
money I have to call you
806 like this
It is just that we already explained it in which
you think that another person can do
that having that disease you are not
well you are not right to think that
can do you are not well is evil
Angel, that doesn't make sense to me.
first thing you think says like a person
Prim first thinks reconsiders says you and
I'm going to see another person who is also
with that disease worse than much worse
that Pilar finished but it is that a
Angel moment, Loli was coming that day
day of being 4 hours in plug with the
chemo eh that same day Loli came from
having been plugged in with chemo 5
hours no but you don't have to have a lot
of this that has nothing more than a little
of logic and say deduction a person
so it's going to be so evil it's going to be so
son of a [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] to do that and
with his illness to mess with another
person with the same disease but
He thinks he's a thief. No, then you will be.
Maybe if you think that, it's because you
You are capable because I already believe everything about you.
But think about it carefully, kid, here they go.
a few insults later here
we have another one
Insults in this case are not heard
cli eh but it is not heard Ah it has been
downloaded without sound this is
I basically summarize it, that's basically it.
a click of these days fighting with
with the ard of Troy in which he has been
some audios have come to light on WhatsApp
where he calls him a son of a [ __ ] a few times
of times Ah yes yes yes yes okay basically
you want to look for it on the internet to have it
A stone is not a very strong pressure
Offensive is not that they call you a bastard or
son of a [ __ ] or it's nothing That's a
expression that is said that I you are not
very good in the head is not the same thing
Well, it happens that it is said with more art than it is
a stone
Okay, and the thing about two moles suits you.
throw a stone
take it easy
So he throws a stone, son, a while ago.
little bit of Grace you know that is but to me
They can say Shameless
eh that's clear and he and he uses this
it's a little
Basically, of course, she's super.
offended by some clips of mine that have
from 4 years ago where I insult
outside the context that doesn't matter at all
or he has forgotten because he did
She knew but suddenly she is very indignant
with some clips of mine and I'm a monetized
Because suddenly he gets very offended with
If I insult someone, it doesn't make you feel bad.
hands on head that day was
affected, very affectionately, what has to be
knowing her is that she in any
moment is going to be
demanded but quantified
but the guy is always with a rum and coke
in the hands
Hey, the mouth is bigger, I assure you.
When I was collaborating I had
understood that Victoria was
married like this I think they had or not
I had neither know nor did I ever care
nor anything at all, I have no idea but
history was married well that speaks it
No, it doesn't matter when I pee either.
Look at Coca-Cola, no Victoria, eh Pilar, you know?
what did you say yesterday in a live broadcast
yours who already has the proof that you
You made up the thing about the drama theme
of illness and so on
look at it
Look at it, I don't even know how many here
I have seen insinuations of drugs
Coca-Cola of I don't know what
mouth at some point was going to say in
at a certain point the insinuation was to his
strong point and then insult afterwards
the lack of respect and all this later
trying eh I don't know how to cover Not for
through the humor of their jokes that they
They are like this, this, that, yes. What happens is that
I mean, if you realized it in the end
Her modus operandi is that she leaves the
hint and then the rest, that is, eh
As it ends the play or the chat
either someone who is up or someone
that she enters the call, she leaves it
voting and someone else finishes it
usually So this goes for
you roasting those who are crouching
so that they go forward and do not be afraid
be afraid and come come come
come to the expert
I don't know that
I find that I had not fallen into
that was Halloween and the witches
They had to take the broom where it was
were
allele arrived to park the broom of
go into
take care of who you are with
talking about who you're talking about alne because not
You speak clearly, you coward, she goes from
live carefully to you
She says she has some
little words, I'm tired of keeping quiet
when you have kept quiet that he is tired
to keep quiet and you when you have kept quiet
You have kept quiet. You are going to finish this.
It's not going to end well, it's going to end well
Uy o o u What
hypocrite What a hypocrite you are. Give it a try.
like man Give it a like Give it a go Sure yes
of courage Give the like of courage of
courage Give the courage like
courage
blah liar
Come on, Alne. Bravo, Alne, how well you did.
been alne Oh how beautiful Hi How nice you
we're staying, let's go
alne This is for me and no
be it is the thing is the little example I can
I can answer you, man, that I don't
I'm not a diva, I've never been a diva.
never but by your side my daughter
It is not very difficult to stand out either
physically in the brain form
talk and it makes me laugh a lot
when people say it's clear wings
He doesn't speak very well. He says this and that.
I'm sorry, it's not my fault that
you don't know how to articulate three sentences
followed by subject and predicate is
that
there I think they don't have to
envy you the truth
plan but for
I'm moving forward with the Hot content
I'm moving forward
content to see a little humor Damn but
that's a warning, damn that's a warning a little bit
humorous
Damn, I would just listen to myself.
alarm and I look at the first thing
screen no you have not laughed with it
how funny she was putting the
chili on the sofa And now I put you
a photo and you get the turkey
Damn, I hadn't seen these photos.
happens
here
content How are the likes going, how are the Don't you
Don't worry, life won't be bad, I'm telling you.
I don't care how the lik goes
I don't know how Iran but it depends on how
have the like then we have a part
Wow, I think it's going to be for now.
the live that is coming because now we
let's get into the topic of dinner and
We are going to get into the subject of
Today there will be things that we will not be able to do.
be careful, eh, what we thought we had
prepared with various geeky tubs already already
I told you that with one or two we hook up and
That's it, I've already calculated very little.
I have greatly underestimated the time
time but hey dinner is worth it either
I'm going to go into a lot of descriptions
because the dinner describes itself
Okay FJ, do you remember that a while ago
Peppa has shown you the glasses that
have in your house Yes yes yes Well it turns out
being that has them
more are watching us are watching us
They are looking at us clearly, beautiful, they are looking at us
looking to see if we are going white white
we stop bas de
Coca
honey pass the
car my gifts a value of 50
Thanks, I'm going to eat you, [ __ ].
being the first one I ate how disgusting that is
Gallardo is very thankful.
Thank you for this love. Thank you very much, you know.
that you are loved, I have to give you the same
Remember that this video is not
paid, of course, to say the least
that
baga
the bar bar the bar of my [ __ ] Not the
your [ __ ] bar Not the bar that is
Here next to all the Super chats
[ __ ] and that's all that counts The only thing is
who is going to eat tormillo or
that the chat is Good night Ursula
paid
paid that no no vo
paid remuneration remunerated
paid that we have 440 likes and
I have no idea what kind of people we are
Oh, I don't know.
not Gallardo
Thanks Gallardo for this live show.
It is probably not paid because it is
They put it in Yellow because it was
I put that, I was going to tell you, I don't know
It happens because they put the live shows on
Yellow guy No, I have no idea.
Hey, how has Rioja been?
been Rioja we have not taken Rivera del
Duero the r was good, Rivera is not there
Rivera del Duero but it is fat
because in all of them but who
fat slide Not the fat slide
But
[ __ ] is
presumably [ __ ] this car always
we must speak in alleged But it is that
I have seen it as
[Music]
uro lie daughter Whenever they talk
presumably presumably clear until
that one sees it in a dark room
knees little girl but you have seen me
to me with the crown morda on the shirt and
I can say that man Of course but why
it
I'm in a dark room, no.
You see V saw me I tell you
that they saw me with a
crown
on the neck of the
shirt I tell you that you see my love
this being second to be sure the
I'm sure he was on his knees and it's more visible
when one leaves the dark room for it
I say that they saw me dressed as a ladder
Blanca man that's what it is that you have to do
telling is an anecdote because it is necessary
tell it, you have to tell it to everyone
viewers have to count it turns out
Don't go to sleep, my love.
Are you listening to this before going to sleep?
it turns out
that we are going to Torr mill and
we entered after being by the
steps and everything
that in the steps we enter through the
p And then we entered into a
We're not going to the disco tomorrow.
Even in ABC it gives me
Maybe now we go to a nightclub
in
we entered Torremolino
Torremolino we are up and down and
look where when we left when
We go out and everyone starts looking at us.
I am a danger and of course we
we started people looked at us and
we looked and people looked at us
true And we look look and it is that
It turns out that there was the darkroom of
of the nightclub was under construction and
we were from
plaster yot with the Gallard knees no
He told me if you have
arrived if it has arrived I have to we had
knees full of plaster full of
white plaster like the knee
face hair all white let's go state
eating loquat in the darkroom
breaded [ __ ] with es
you totally called and when people told us
saw him leave the nightclub for a
staircase so steep between whirlpools Look
Where we had arrived we were going up
the street and the people turned around. Ugh
what a punishment eh this this clip It is that it is
that this is in real Andalusian no
Yes, we don't go to a party like that.
Have you ever been like this?
party, maybe I forgot but
Listen to me, no, the truth is, this is not it.
She says it, her friends here say it
The only thing I would like to point out is that she
has caused a lot of scandal with the
my clicks from 2020 from 2021 no What
stronger things there is something stronger
There are stronger things But let's go that there is
been Yes but But Javi that or that is
I really don't care if it's not her
the one who is saying it I mean if I
I'm with you right there, imagine that
We're going to dinner and we're recording a
direct and I start saying according to what
You don't shut my mouth, man.
wait caima espa I'm going to put another one no
No, there are worse ones. Of course there are.
I'll leave you worse, I'll go straight to that.
I hear you because I don't know what he said.
the one who had to put lel apparently
Apparently he said that I am
What a whorehouse you run is
a house like that, well, look, listen to me then
We are very [ __ ]. Here we are very [ __ ].
Starting with the one you have at
side or you have looked at how much it is pulled
the one next to you
Hey
I'll tell you one thing
There is nothing simpler than if you did not
you are afraid of nothing to take the call that
I am you. Eh, well that goes for the
woman from the flight does not stop
Victoria no and she deleted this live
He ended up deleting it according to accounts of
Troy not because she repented nor
nothing like that but because r told him
Listen to me, there is no way to justify
This is not all, it's all the internet
every youtuber and all of Twitter, eh, delete it
and apologize, pay attention to the apologies of
from here the colleague eh
speech that was told to other people
They themselves told me this because it is
a colloquial way of speaking, eh, maybe
we forgot that we were in
YouTube and although I have been told
worse things eh What happens is that I don't
They said with a glass of Rioja in the
hand
And so, from here I apologize to
those who have felt aggrieved and Y
in this case too
to
to Mrs. Victoria because I know that
Well, it's the same thing they told you.
Victoria, they told me what's going on.
It's that I didn't take it seriously as s
that I don't know it And it
sorry what apologies [ __ ]
apologies
Uncle has called her again no I mean he has
said I apologize to you because to me
They have told me the same thing, I do not give up
alluded to because I am not clear about it
Clo is telling him, Well, nothing that
I can call you a serial killer and
Son, don't get offended because
total as you are not no my mother for
This is a clear example to me that if in a
At first she complains about moderation
in other chats what they say in others
chats about her that we don't have there
absolute power we cannot
control at the moment everything that
It happens live, that's what they are for.
moderators and the moderators or
moderators do what they can too
and she does an incredible job, look at her
what moderates in itself that makes that live
drunk and allowing anything to
your colleagues or your friends with
those who do not care exactly who
is living, he doesn't care at all
Maybe he liked that friends or whatever
just like when you pick up another person
so that luck the direct everything that
good luck eating the demands of another person
I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you more about that one
I watched it directly before you deleted it
and that is at the beginning of dinner
beginning of dinner when not yet
they had stolen the bottle of wine
the later cups and so on were already there
they were already
announcing that that night they were going to get in
with the flight, or rather, or rather, it was with
premeditation and treachery because it
they were announcing from the beginning
of the
straight there they still didn't have the excuse
what they were
[Music]
alcoholics mother of God of all
forms the vi has erased or has been erased
hidden until Angel no
we know when but it will cut one
part that she hasn't said either
What is I suppose you are referring to this?
specifically and then put it back on
public because he is no longer ashamed of it
dinner with his friends actually wants
repeat it eh threatens to repeat it but yes
the apologies are to me and her
always says the same thing, for example
when they called us
abusers pi pi pi pi pi pi all that
that I'm not going to repeat her to her again
claim was that this is not even 10% of
what they tell her and here she is back
to say the same thing that we have said to
Victoria is the same as what you told me is
like when they tell you for God's sake I
I haven't seen it, he says, they tell me.
But well, I'm not offended because as
I am not like that, it's like you know it is
brutal and so brutal it is clear what
Is it valid that this lady tells me
me who was offended by a clip of mine in
2020 Well, nothing is absolutely useless
nothing but see how little it is worth
word worth, look where it is worth it
very little his word and how far it has been
taken advantage of how far it has been
taking advantage of the silence of others
Okay, look what I was saying when I
I dropped Without giving a name that I do not
It is the only one that has been made by the one from the
cap also did it they have done it
several no Although they put me publicly
green from behind they try to turn me
to contact, to approach again and here
that no one even has to come close
go through the donkey first notice how
It's the thing. Okay, it's [ __ ] up, look at it now.
how hermetic I am that for
contact me you have to contact
with alne look how she assured this
Hey, look, it's been two days.
Hey, I'll call him and send him WhatsApp.
About a few
days I give you
permission for you to place the calls
since when you and I don't talk
I call you nor do you call me nor
nothing of
nothing nothing at all You are a liar if
That's for me You're a
liar if it weren't for
What do you think it is for?
My man I think I hear mom I
I think so
eh He gave me permission this time he gave me
permission would be forgotten because it was not
I understand, right? August 16th, 8th
while I was putting on
Green in August called me to warn me
that I was appearing on Antena 3
You know I have to find out for myself
She that I am on Antena 3 leave me in
peace here You are not going to return, that is
look at you with the tranquility and
such that she [ __ ] and lies to people O
be it but so with everything but that they have
Javi believed that she said she wanted
send the message to someone else and
then she picks up her phone because
I haven't spoken to you for months
type it doesn't find it the first ones
contacts but still puts the magnifying glass on
Javi Oliveira and there he writes to you and I don't know
realizes that it is a
error Please who in their right mind
judgments is believed that wrote to you because
wanted
point is already Yes yes how Or what is it
what was the excuse that he gave you
I was writing to someone else to
to let him know that I was in front of the three
because that's a little sick too
No, yes, because it really wasn't a
program where you were going to talk about
she that you say of course is that as it was
Of course, I started to warn everyone about me.
My contacts It's not that I had nothing
what to see It was a program in which he appeared
Me with me with Fran not on Antena 3 in
public mirror I think it was you follow
all the steps that Javi doesn't have
whoever swallows it than you to write
on WhatsApp and more that person who now
The same fruit of being a YouTuber will have
250,000 conversations per country with a
lots of different people where you
can have you from the months that
It's been a while since you last spoke, he has to tell you
Searching for Javi doesn't make sense to me.
I think I'm not saying that it is
true or even if it's a lie I'm telling you
saying that I don't get it
I think it's that you can be wrong.
example I can be wrong
send you something that I had to
send to because you are more or less
always up Nené How many times have you
I sent you messages that were going to
my ex because his name is Javi because you
I have both relatively close to everything
the day now if I with my ex 6 years ago
that I don't talk to you, I guarantee that I don't
I'm going to
confuse that no man that no and me
is and writes to me, run pong antenna three
run is how I try to get closer so
tacky But what do you think I'm going to give you?
thanks I mean every day
dedicating myself is true what they are
saying in the chat they will have you favorited
Well, don't be surprised by the first Ay m
Mom, I don't have anyone if you
you put in favorite that is put more for
up I guess I don't know I don't have either
Nobody gives rep perillo eh Let's see I'm that
not in favorites but there are two or three
conversations that you can mark
and they always stay on top but now
it would be the milk it would be the milk that you
I would have left it there, you know, I mean there
I have the group of the
family you know
Oh da da rollete da rollete eh let's go
now move on to a very very hard part and
very strong here I want here I want
that all of you who are watching this
directly pay a lot
Attention because it is very strong. Okay, we are
we have jumped I want to make it clear that
Well, if you liked the section And if
It works well and such. Well, the same thing happens.
almost every Sunday that we can
the four of us eh And we skipped a
a lot of things Okay We've skipped
things related to donations
with the money with the insinuations with
We have skipped insults
a lot of things worth it But still I
I think the one who has a pair of lights
chairs
I've just talked to clips here.
It's not that I have spoken lies either
not with my version or anything like that
But whoever wanted to see it has
seen and whoever no longer wants to see them
things you don't see, okay, but today
unexpectedly because [ __ ] this that
It was last night on the live show of Troya that I
I found out this afternoon after
eat this and I put it in okay eh
of Troy has told something that is clear
taking into account the little filter that
you have to listen to what he says
Okay and it's in reference to the only direct one
from his channel that is not about Javi
olive tree
Okay, let's go
remind you
something that people wonder about
Do you remember this?
Direct from our guest today is
Vladimir Raez, Pablo Raez's uncle today
Today donate bone marrow, do you remember this?
direct Thanks Paula It's for you A ret
trya yes yes s goes for me and for Tania and for
Whoever shows up next will be the one
I come here if I come here to Coceno, you will know
It happens to take a position or not It doesn't matter what
do it or don't do it, go for it something
will take out answer don't answer it's the same
She's going to get it out, she needs to talk.
from everyone except Javi Oliveira
with which he has always maintained
contact the one who is the one who forgets
that
come out like okay let's see if you're going to let me
I'm missing those likes because there are 700 of you.
at least 400 likes Santa is that it is
rag up to the
biller Well, about Pablo
rz
the minute begins
Here with this photo that I loved
this live because this live is
set up so that everything that was collected
in that live
her less the percentage she takes
YouTube you already know that the percentage that
YouTube takes away its being a
40% That is, out of every 100 who donated rings
out of every 100 that is more alive than ever
of which 10 Maite Crespo gave a 60
because it goes into the pocket and the account of the
Mrs. Peppa Beltrán, this live is from
May 12, 2023 months May 12
In 2023 we will listen to Mrs.
Peppa Beltrán what she had to say and what
say in this
direct me when when when even
Here we don't fight over nonsense
How good that it is also life, no But
In some way this is also affecting me.
teaching when I share with people
things or my concerns my fights with
other people and so on are also
teaching something that is the
Let's see if I can find the word Peppa
because I think that you have it
everything learned that will teach you new things
Well here you see how Carmen Romanelli
donate 100 euros I don't know if it shows
Hey, give me a second, I'm going to get the
part of the chat so that it
You see, let's reduce it a little bit.
window and move it here
Okay, there it is. Okay, transition, there you see.
as Carmen Romanelli in the minute
You can see in our guest today is
Vladimir ra worth in the minute
4148 more or less maneli dona for the
causes 100 euros of which 60 for
At least they go for the cause because already
clarifies that he has named the other herb
has returned No that is from May I don't know where
It will be from May 12th this
direct she said that of all the
donations except the part that is taken
YouTube because she's not going to put it no
He's not going to put it there, neither with nor without money.
She doesn't give money She doesn't give money
You don't even forget that for medicine.
because she needs it for other things
but here Carmen Romanel gives 100
euros if we go to the brand of
time 48
45 more alive than ever has given another 100
euros Carmen Romanelli releases a super
20 bucks chat and on the brand of
time
51 minutes
Crespo releases another 10
euros and there were more people who gave money
for that cause and what that was for
money people go through
this
master dona
10 euphoric
is to collect it has to be sent to the
association against cancer because
is that already knowing her eh that is a
stomach ache for her that still
It has not been removed because it still
today's date has not been made live
special that was going to be done with the income
And the donation to the association against the
cancer had already forgotten everything and
Today someone did not lie. Yesterday someone told me.
remembered This detail Do you remember when
He did the thing about cancer that he didn't say that
all that
special collection with the donation to
center that was going and all that, well
until today Peppa Beltrán that I
knows that he has not made that donation nor has
made that special live nor has it been done
nothing then let us remember those who
visit their channel and pisp adores them
slum dwellers remind Mrs. Peppa
Beltrán that in his good memory this has
had a small bond and that donation was
he has forgotten how you charged for the day
23 is still there is time to catch
calculate what you earned in that live stream
what is it you see coming in
directly in YouTube studio but
your son looks at it
Very strong angel. Eh, this is serious, eh.
from someone inside eh from someone who
is close and six
months do you think he intends to give
That money, of course. It's six months. Or
whether it is or it is a lie that it has not been done
donated is as easy as showing the
transfer that I would have done in
at the time I would have done it today
Man, I would have done it months ago.
Elena The truth is yes but but imagine
that it happens to me for whatever reason
because I understand that there is too much
trust and they are accusing me today
about something like that I'll take my today
proof and I show it right now to
see you know what happens how good let's see
that then each one of us is as we are but
To me, if I am in a live show
raising money for something that interests me
likes to be as transparent as possible or
be in the I give you an example in this
last birthday not the birthday of the
Last year I said that what is known
take out that money or that is in that
I was going to go directly to a shelter
Animals and I as soon as I got paid from YouTube
As soon as I received it, the first thing I did
was to make the transfer and hang up a
screenshot in the transfer Elena
because I want normal people to be
but that's what people do
normal of course I want people to see
that the money they have contributed is really
It's where it needs to be, you know.
I'm going to tell you one thing, it has to be
It has to be because we have we have
her reaction eh but I don't
You say put it on me Javi, put it on me you
Calm down, calm down, now we'll see her now.
We see it but man, let's see, eh, here it is.
several elements evidently still
We do not know if that justification exists or
No, let's see, I have my thoughts, eh?
I have my thoughts on this
See, it's been months since I can understand a
month but six and it's not that well then no
That is, if during the 6 months you have
been mentioning it We have to go here
we have to go there but of course they have
Six months have passed and you haven't returned
mention anything about the subject It is rare and
Troy exposes you tooch
and I take In the middle of the battle with Troy
I shut him up right there live
totally That's because she did this
He knows 100% since last night and it's so simple
as it does
so capture takes no value what he says
this guy as he is
clear now what days three days later
It works for me, what happens is that I don't
I'm doubting that he has already done it or
No, I'm not accusing her of anything.
I don't want that
No
but what happens is that it is clearly planted
the doubt about whether yes or no but no
It gives you the feeling that when
ar of Troy has dared to say that is
because he is leaning towards no and that is
maybe he knows something to see with himself
Elena months are months in which no
has mentioned the topic that is logical and
It is normal that when you have a
person who is entering a
a fortune, that is, what are we talking about?
There are 300, so YouTube stays at 40%
They are eh 60 by 3
180 180 with a person who is you
donating hundreds of thousands of euros to
Man, you haven't donated it because you don't
you've come out of the [ __ ] if you haven't donated it
man if not and look listen to me it is not there
justified if so and
not having done so is not justified nor
even if they had donated to him
1,800 I had to do it because it wasn't
for her in the same live but it is the same
What am I telling you yet? Imagine that I don't
you do in the same live when
you finish the live you do the
transfer and the following D
you post the capture in your live instead
to put a screenshot of what Javi said
oliveira then you put the capture of The
The donation they made you is worth it
but it happens on the 22nd of the month
next is when you get paid YouTube and
Nor has Nimú said that the issue has
months have passed and he has not spoken again
nothing then hey he did it and he did it
reserved for
She can be, let's see what comes out
saying is what leaves doubt is what
which leaves the doubt of Troy of Troy
exactly she puts the clip of
your answer but but p the clip p the
clip of his reaction because there is a part
where there is I already tell you how Let's see, let's go
Let's see what he said
okay very serious a gentleman I
took advantage of the
small cancer
that I have to explain it on my channel
whenever I want, madam, on my channel
when I want not when I want to Troy
want nor When you want nor when
the four who are there give Troy in
the chat wants you don't understand or it is
that here they are also going to coerce me
when I have to say things and
when not when I have to demonstrate them
and when not Well but if one has
I did it for example to me if they tell me
something I've done of the two that
I have done on your channel I can get good
is that we teach it Well but if one does it
have I done for example to me if they tell me
something I've done of the two that
I have done on your channel can I take out Well
Well, we teach it. Well, I teach it.
I'll take it out No, I'll take it out, that's it. Eh
then that's fine, eh, and let them come to
your channel Knowing at the crossroads that
you find yourself talking about what
Troy has said Hey it's very strong eh
And they force me to come for 5 minutes today.
Madam, I will do it when I feel like it.
wins
You shameless man that I am a shameless man
all the scoundrels and scoundrels that you don't have
I'm ashamed to [ __ ] the mother that Pich already
It's okay, damn, you're all a scoundrel if you
You are a scoundrel Antonio, you are a Cana
Cane
porar relax relax I don't relax I don't
relaxation
Albero relax relax I'm here
holding on that I'm holding on that
inside politely I enter without saying
nothing from anyone and la la la has to come
Shameless to say that
This doesn't have it no no good Pepa I'll get you down
no I don't want to I don't want to take you down but
I want you to talk and say what you
you want I think I'll take you down now no no
go go go at night and this morning go
sea ​​video of Pepa and see in months still
has not given any explanation of that to me
Forgive me, my heart is broken
because if it were for a party
lavera or for a 2 liters of oil or
for the uncle of the varda brings me to the fresh air
but for one thing to fight against
the dog that my family has been carrying for years and years
and years of taking things away so that that
money is not lacking to me it has come to me
soul and I haven't told him when he has
that doing the live show I simply
said that months ago he did that live
and she promised to give the explanations and
say where the money was going to go and make a
direct for it and it's been months and still
hasn't done what
strong one of
relations to me when I when he said
I will teach it but when I want
Excuse me, ma'am, the babysitter wasn't yours.
that you have to teach but to the
voice is no longer hers the money is that
It has sounded and I'm not saying that's it but
I say it sounded like Wait for it now
I have to prepare a PDF to see how it works.
I'm going to see that it sounded familiar to me when
you catch a child when you catch a child
boy with something and starts crying
that I don't keep putting pressure on him and I have
What do I have to say and in honor of
the truth and in honor of the truth because
I've seen people on Twitter
Loli doing it by taking Peppa down is what
makes a friend not what he has done is that
thinks exactly the same as what has
Loli is what she has never done
Peppa with her
exactly but it literally has me
remembered a little boy when you
have you already caught doing something with your children
when you scold him and tell him that you
caught that you haven't done your homework
I caught you with your cell phone and
cry this listen to me this is
Serious
It's that Elena can look for a
legal problem can be sought
legal problem that we are no longer in
talking about whether they speak well or badly of
she we are talking about a problem
legal problem but look trust what
I tell you that the legal problem would be
insignificant because it is a small amount AND
surely it would be of little importance
The problem is media, the problem is that
tell me you
I mean, we are not talking about being
true we are not talking about any
Another thing that is discovered about her is that
we are talking about a disease
we are talking about donations
We are talking about everything being a topic
very
sensitive we are talking about that
argument that she used a long time ago
while we have seen it in a clip no
to deny what Alne told us and
Pilar told us half a year ago that they
They would never laugh at a topic like that and
Now it turns out that this is what you give it
would unleash much more because now it is the
I would see them capable
See if he forgot to make the deposit.
which was probably because he forgot
let's think that he forgot
being in trouble in the media Yes
because you tell me how do you convince and
what credibility do you have left after
of having asked for money for a cause
so honorable and not having done it How do you
You may forget to make a deposit of that
AC caliber and you remembered now
because because the person you have
discussed that he was previously your friend has
brought back to the fore if not that
money
never Exactly, you have not taken the
topic in six months, that is not to say, imagine
that you might be doing something here
collect ok imagine let's spend one
collect so that I can go disguised as
Spiderman to the hospital at Christmas and
So then we spend the months. Hey, it's that
we still said at Christmas I have to
buy costume I have to meet for
Let me know if anything but this
what are we talking about that was a
transfer I mean it's not something that
viar make it clear No man that goes that
you have to travel man in case you
you want to make it more extraordinary
the video but I don't think that was the case
clear but but so you can see the
difference So you can see the difference
is this you have forgotten to do the
transfer and then do a live
talking about what they have done
transfer however in others
Occasionally they have sent you super chat to
to buy flowers for his mother and the day
next forget about when to charge from
YouTube the next day had
directly showing the plants that he
had bought his mother thanks to that
superchat and the 500 euros when the
He returned the capture and showed it to him
had returned
No yes but the
500 already but we are talking about that
180 Let's see, it's a person who is not in
the one on the street is not a person who
has a
business 180 let's see, maybe yes yes I
If you give me here so we can donate 5000
Well, maybe I have to wait a day.
22 that YouTube pays me for it
make the donation but we are talking
that if we now collect 180 here
Well, I'll put it out of my pocket.
will return per Claro but but I have
As said before, I had to wait to get paid.
from YouTube Because we raised 400 and me
take away 400 from me at once, well, damn it
destabilize the month I waited for
charge those of YouTube but the thing is that the
same day I collected it I was missing I was missing
time
uncle and we are talking about what has taken
to a relative of that kid Pablo to
your live to be this little number or
It is not only she who has done it but with
someone quite important fam the case
fam with a male relative I understand
that the relative has nothing to do with it
with this clear fam famili, nothing more is missing
the relative went to a Well that a a well
talk about the association and give it to
to know and so that people could
help as much as possible
to raise people's awareness of the
kid is not the one
very strong guy yes what a plan eh what a plan
but above all it seems strong to me
because what reason is there for that?
she doesn't take it at night and put it on
screenshot or rather opened a live stream
We are talking about when Tania
The critic had an unexpected live performance
the same night
Yes, and now about Troy he says this that I believe
I think this may be the most
strong of all not the strongest without a doubt
Yeah
no accusations that have been made without a doubt
It is the strongest of course this is already the top
no and and it doesn't open a live to put the
capture and silence the mouth of Ar of Troy
At the same time, man, I'll tell you.
that I would have done it on the bald head
I'll tattoo it myself if that's a lie and he says it
from me in the baldness of AR of Troy
I tattoo the proof of income
Good is more is more
Ugh Elena at the time already opened a
straight
similar on another platform for a tea
You remember and I remember so much, man.
I had to leave because there was something
a person who made an accusation that
It was fake and Elena called me and told me
This happens, I'm going to show you the tests.
You come up with me and in half an hour we had
the live show showing the evidence
but it was so serious as it was not done
no no but but I was asking him
ugly accusation has nothing to do with anything
see had nothing to do with a
donation or anything but I told you not to
let it pass not even a minute but in
In any case, you know what I'm telling you, Javi.
What Alne tells you is that they accuse you of
one thing In short it was nonsense
because it was a drawing that I had made
It is supposed to be a draw, it is supposed that
I should have sent it and that person
He said he had not received it with what
which is a scam No if you win a
I'm not sending it to you, what a pity
Come here
alne we put on both armors and
there that
We were there for half an hour, the character that I
I think it was that Sunday too, no
It has a Sunday if it is the one I think it has
Sunday listen to me listen to me but it's that
This is not to be missed even once.
Sunday minute to everyone but
because of you But listen to me But
Let's see this so we don't let it pass us by.
a [ __ ] minute is that I can't think of
no excuse I say no doubt no
Look, of course I'm not going to accuse, eh?
that of course I am not going to accuse him
better forgotten
but I don't find the reason for it to be
I forgot this, huh?
doubt has been sown and every moment
Let it happen, of course, to me what seems to me
significant is the reaction or the
place Because if I know that I have the
try, I don't get on anyone's live show
crying I send you the capture of
screen and I say Put it right now of course
that of course does not mean that there is no
appeared still nowhere and not
is offline because it is
nervous or whatever and you say now the
I'm going to put when it's not that you have
uploaded to Loli's live because no
you have done it in that same live that
We are all seeing it as
You cry and it's not that you forget the
things If you don't have, let's see
If you are being accused, for example, of
I don't know what I'm going to invent.
that you have not paid taxes this year
past you with all your pride can
say and I will prove my statement and
I will provide proof of income
next week next week it will be
I show because I don't feel like doing it
when you tell me but it is that
This is different. This has to be different.
Now you are no longer the owner of time
because it wasn't your money, it wasn't your money
It's true, you have to prove it now.
Jorge Javier tweeted Pep
telling him I don't know what he pays for the Treasury
Hacienda and and and the next day he asked for the
certificate and showed it but here
It's not your money, it's the people's money.
that has donated is
worse, that is, he has to do it at
moment we'll see tomorrow if I say something
Regarding seeing now, that is, alternatives
What is there now to hang up?
capture and that it is done on the date and
has not done a live broadcast announcing it
thing Something that surprises me a lot a lot
because they are usually boastful
much of the donations that are made
Oh well
eh two that hang a capture with one
current date therefore I will be glad
I will be very happy for the cause because
He has also received the money but the
money but next time people
want to donate to a cause that is worth it
think twice I have my thought
no me and I have mine but I can't
say it I have my thought we have
ours But well but this is that
This is already the most that takes out diapers
in the last minute all the live that
we have done eh That's why I left it for the
final because it is that already ant heo that you are going to
comment on the Hot topic the Hot topic now for
next Sunday but there isn't any
no reason why you in these months
don't mention it has already been done and has
mentioned the live show on some occasions
eh Because on some occasion he said It is
that then I do a charity live and no
I have people, I have heard that from them in
I have complained about that a lot.
I've complained about that. Me too, eh? Yes, but
well you have remembered you have remembered
that a charity live and it is not being done
seeing the head that you have forgotten
tell people who have done the
transfer
There is no reason for that
I know you have to see the truth and now
I tell you, let's see the reaction.
again very seriously a gentleman that I have
taking advantage of cancer
little mule
I have to explain on my channel when
I want on my channel When I want
no cu when when cuat are there I don't know
whole
Ed O is that here they are also going to me
coerce when I have to say the
things and when not when I have to
demonstrate and when not Good but if one
I have done it to myself for example if I
They say something about what I have done of the two
What good can I do on your channel?
is that we teach it, it shows it, it shows it
have I done for example to me if they tell me
something I've done of the two that
I have done on your channel I can get good
It's that we teach it, I'll take it out. Not me.
I'll take it out now then it's fine eh and
that they come to your channel Knowing the
crossroads that you find yourself speaking
of what Troy has said Hear that it is
very strong eh And that they force me today
Come on for 5 minutes, ma'am, I'll do it.
when m of the
Win, you scoundrel that I am
scoundrels and scoundrels who
You have no shame, I'm going to [ __ ] myself
mother that p is already enough damn uciis
everyone is a scoundrel if you are a scoundrel before
you are a dog
canid relax relax I don't relax I don't
Alberto relaxes, he has very little of
Huerta
honey relax relax I'm here
holding on that I'm holding on that
I enter politely, I enter without saying
nothing from anyone and la la la has to come
Shameless to say that
This doesn't have it no no good Pepa I'll get you down
No, I don't want to, I don't want to take you down, but
I want you to talk and say whatever you want
but I think now
no no And this morning DEA video and in se
months an explanation of that to me
Forgive me, my heart is broken
because if it were for a party of a
verbena or for one 2 liters of oil or
for the guy with the narda kiss brings me to
fresh but for one thing for the fight
against the cancer that my family has been fighting for years
and years and years of getting rid of things to
that this money is not lacking for me
reached the soul and I have not told him
what does the live have to do
I simply told him that it was a month ago
did that live and she promised to give the
explanations and say where it will go
money and do a live for it and
It's been months and he still hasn't done it.
Phew
strong, I'm sincere
His reaction is dark to me. He speaks for himself.
her reaction is
weirdo makes sense, no one looks like
He's watching us, look how he is doing
looking at the Trojan, what a mess you've made
eh It's that the reaction doesn't give me
It's a shame to laugh at what it's related to
to the topic but
what a YouTube character
What a YouTube character this is
This is what I was missing for I
I imagine it is that we do not carry it
warning to
time I imagine that she tomorrow
will take out his receipt and close the
mouths of people who have doubted her
I don't believe it, let's see, we don't believe that.
may it be so, I'm sure that tomorrow she
takes out his receipt and
She must have cried already, she's gotten nervous
Because Well they were doubting her there
you have because he didn't want to face
ard of Troy and his son and yes
I wanted to move forward and it's me
we passed
We passed. But well, it will be shown if
has to prove and that is what has been done
hooked on Mira has hooked on
as far as I know without knowing Elena surely
You know some more than me but with the
merimen I don't know
hooked or
with I tell you I tell you I tell you with
merimer has gotten hooked
hooked with but with with merimer
has hooked but with merimer it has
hooked not by her with merimer has been
hooked by eh hooked previously that
had merimer with the other two
and she has inherited them, let me explain.
It was really a raffle they did
disappeared clear disappeared merimer of
the equation with these two people and
She appeared and then there was
conflict yes but what I'm getting at is that it's not
It has been important to hook up with the opponent
been begging almost to hook up with
Someone please answer him, damn it
[ __ ] suddenly you have a powerful one
who enters the fray
and I would not give him videos
Of course, of course, I can, let's see, I can.
If I am involved in this controversy
style I mess with FJ I don't care or
with you even with those I don't mess with
It's with the lne but the lne doesn't either
gets in
with me yes that has happened to me too
with friends when I had a fight that didn't bother me
I have put even we know too much per
but friendships of years Elena but loves
of months but it doesn't matter It's that people
He has a very long tongue and loves himself
who are friends in two days Jai and
They tell of life and miracle and now they come
the May crosses and you realize
that you have said too much and you shouldn't
having done it but it is what it is
I said before when I put the
context of the fight of these people who
ard of Troy from the beginning has no
well okay it's true it's true I don't
I remembered that they reminded me through the earpiece
that the hookup between these two was already coming
from the info group
Lady Why? Because there was a rif and
Raf, who leaked the captures and
others
Yes, it is true that he told it
She does, but the fact is that the one from Troy doesn't.
you can see it from the beginning you have it
Of course you can't see her and you haven't
trusted her never to tell her anything that
she can use because if you realize
the ar of Troy is releasing the most
big drop by drop And still you
that has been there for three days and the other one doesn't have D
fear ard of Troy has no fear no
has
He's not afraid. Oh
look no
that I'm not saying it for my sake, [ __ ] that I'm not saying it
I say for
but I don't say it, I don't say it for me, I don't say it
I say for myself but
Go away Why why Why because you
Go away, what a plan the patio is in.
the patio that I don't see because the channel of
this
person turns around
another How how how that the channel of this
person revolves around another person
we'll see
If that person fails you, what?
What are you doing? Well, it's very strong.
not that I was seeing a thing but it is
very strong, that is, it is a lot of fabric, it is a lot
fabric but yes if the other is not afraid
none because that's what I told you or
be she is she has known it all Yes and the
another what he has spoken to her about
has spoken with knowledge that it gives him
maybe he has been the one who has saved him
all the [ __ ] and the ha
undercover No, I'm telling you yes, yes
Of course, in one of the live shows that
we have been watching some clip before in
That same live says in several
On occasions I have covered up a lot of [ __ ] for him
to
Peppa
Uncle: Well, I don't know if people will have
liked the live show, I don't know if we've been
at the height of the intro, eh wow
intro
V
that the click that is mentioning me already
It's time to get into the other folders
that I have done here for four or five
Freaky
tubers and we haven't had time to
finish with this so well it depends
how this works
straight ahead we become less of a family
that
is
put I love like a girl
girl man You know what they are
talking about your friends that I
me too you too
You have friends and they talk about winging and they talk
of you and I don't like it, I don't like it
liked Well there are many Sundays eh by
ahead because I already told you that this is not
see we have tried is that this had to be
put this into context a little bit
character who is like the one who has the most
messed up everything and the one who has done everything for
For me, he is the culprit of many things
Well, anyway, I'm not going to get into that, okay?
but but but there are more characters there are
many more Freaky tubers some who have
passed through here by the canal had
prepared several nice things from Wanca
that they were going to do many thanks to FJ
and to the people but well if I already told you yes
people subscribe if I see that tomorrow
FJ has 1000 more subscribers if I see
that people subscribe to FJ and Elena
and I see that this live has how much
Elena is silent, she is mute, I don't want to even
that no one subscribes, I'm satisfied with
Don't insult me ​​or it's true
My poor little girl, I'm at a point of
my life in which I am content with not
insult me, I'm already there, artura, I've already
height already we will see it is clear that this to
see what I tell you I mean I'm not going to say that
They are not going to talk about this live because
There will be a lot of talk about this live show
during the week I don't say but it's that
Javi I have never said that he talks to us about
me because in the end you said it to
beginning and I am very aware that in
the moment when I have a channel and
I talk about people, I have a Twitter that I
I know my Twitter has an impact
because a lot of people follow me and a lot
people like me and many people rwi me and
I am aware that many
less scale than you but I have
repercussion I can't ask that it not be
talk about me but one thing is that I don't know
talk about me and another thing is that I am
disrespect because I have not disrespected
respect for no one in this
direct you know and I ask for the same thing
I think there is
Sorry, I think there have been three.
hours of live exposing many
Sorry hours TR hours yes TR hours yes
Three hours of live streaming in which there was no
not even a lack of respect by putting many
things not disrespect not to see if
we learn and that and I have already
gone to see if we learn not the one that has
had any lack of respect in any
occasion Well you will have to explain it as
We have already explained on other occasions and
One thing does not take away from the other, this live
Nothing changes and what has been given
Cos's late account neither aunt that I
I'm gone, you're gone
gone that goes fabric wave that goes fabric Javi
Get on the rink, if I'm going there I'm going
I'm going there to the canillo. They have already told me
I sent the outline, guys, what I said is worth it.
subscribe to FJ project subscribe to
By subscribing to Elena de Ortega there will be
live next Sunday because it's already
We'll see, we'll see. It depends on how.
this works I'm watching at the moment
17 likes dle to lik dle to lik dle to
like give like let's see there are 3000 here and
peak of people there from the courage to give it to
like courage courage that's it guys
Thank you very much for your company
family I'm going to the little one just in case
Someone wants to go there, see you.
tomorrow